Which player scored the fastest hat-trick in the Premier League?
Which player, with 653 games, has made the most Premier League appearances?
Three players share the record for most Premier League red cards (8). Who are they?
With 260 goals, who is the Premier League's all-time top scorer?
When was the inaugural Premier League season?
Which team won the first Premier League title?
With 202 clean sheets, which goalkeeper has the best record in the Premier League?
How many clubs competed in the inaugural Premier League season?
Which three players shared the Premier League Golden Boot in 2018-19?
The fastest goal scored in Premier League history came in 7.69 seconds. Who scored it?
Answers:
Sadio Mane (2 minutes 56 seconds for Southampton vs Aston Villa in 2015)
Gareth Barry
Patrick Vieira, Richard Dunne and Duncan Ferguson
Alan Shearer
1992-93
Manchester United
Petr Cech
22
Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, Mohamed Salah and Sadio Mane
Shane Long (for Southampton vs Watford in 2018-19)

There have been two World Cup trophies. What was the name of the first?
Which country won the first ever World Cup in 1930?
Which country has won the most World Cups?
Two countries have won the World Cup twice. Can you name them?
Which country has appeared in three World Cup finals, but never won the competition?
The 2026 World Cup will be hosted across three different countries. Can you name them?
In which World Cup did Diego Maradona score his infamous 'Hand of God' goal?
The record number of World Cup goals is 16, scored by who?
Three people have won the World Cup as a player and as a coach. Mario Zagallo, Didier Deschamps and... can you name the third?
Two English players have won the World Cup Golden Boot. Who are they?
Answers:
Jules Rimet Trophy / Victory
Uruguay
Brazil (5)
France and Uruguay
Netherlands (1974, 1978, 2010)
United States, Canada and Mexico
Mexico 1986
Miroslav Klose
Franz Beckenbauer
Gary Lineker (1986) and Harry Kane (2018)

Which Swedish footballer once had a clause inserted into his Premier League contract that prohibited him from travelling into space?
Which Ballon d'Or-winning footballer had a galaxy named after them in 2015?
Can you name the former Germany international who went on to become a professional wrestler in the WWE?
Which former England internationals reached number 12 in the UK Singles Chart with the 1987 song 'Diamond Lights'?
The England Euro '96 song 'Three Lions' was a hit by which comedy double act?
Which former Tottenham manager has competed in the Dakar Rally?
What was the name of the hotel Jose Mourinho lived in when he managed Manchester United?
Which Spanish club's nickname is Los Colchoneros, which translates to English as 'The Mattress Makers'?
English rock star Elton John was twice the owner of which football club?
Rangers tried to sign which superstar after Alex McLeish was alerted to his ability through popular video game Football Manager?
Answers:
Stefan Schwarz
Cristiano Ronaldo - Galaxy Cosmos Redshift 7 (CR7)
Tim Wiese
Chris Waddle and Glenn Hoddle (as 'Glenn and Chris')
David Baddiel and Frank Skinner
Andre Villas-Boas
The Lowry Hotel
Atletico Madrid
Watford
Lionel Messi

Messi began his professional career at Barcelona, but what was his schoolboy team?
Which Portuguese team did Ronaldo play for before signing for Manchester United?
Ronaldo is synonymous with the No.7, but which other number did he wear at Real Madrid?
Messi infamously retired from international duty in which year before reversing his decision?
Ronaldo exclaims which word when celebrating a goal?
Messi wore the No.30 at the start of his Barca career but is now synonymous with No.10. Which other number did he wear for Barca?
Which Portuguese island off the coast of Africa, which also shares its name with a cake, is Ronaldo from?
Messi has won a record number of Ballon d'Or awards - how many? 
Ronaldo helped Portugal win the European Championship in which year?
Which German multinational sportswear company is Messi an ambassador for?
Answers:
Newell's Old Boys
Sporting
No.9
2016 (after Copa America final loss)
"Si!" (Spanish for 'Yes!')
No.19
Madeira
Eight Ballon d'Or awards
2016
Adidas

Which club has won the most Champions League titles?
Who is the only player to win the Champions League with three different clubs?
Three people have won the Champions League a record three times as manager. Who are they?
In which season was the European Cup rebranded as the Champions League?
Which team was the first from the UK to win the European Cup?
The Champions League has been won only once by a team from Romania. Can you name them?
Liverpool have won six Champions Leagues and Manchester United have won three, but who are England's third most successful team in the competition with two titles?
Who is the Champions League's top goalscorer of all time?
The most successful manager in Champions League history guided teams to success five times - who is it?
Which outfield player appeared in the Champions League final in three different decades?
Answers:
Real Madrid (15)
Clarence Seedorf (Ajax, Real Madrid, AC Milan)
Bob Paisley, Pep Guardiola and Zinedine Zidane
1992-93
Celtic (1966-67)
Steaua Bucharest (now FCSB)
Nottingham Forest (1978-79 and 1979-80)
Cristiano Ronaldo
Carlo Ancelotti
Ryan Giggs

In which year was the first European Championship held?
With four titles, which nation has won the most European Championships?
What is the name of the European Championship trophy?
With nine goals, who scored the most goals in a single European Championship tournament?
The Euro 2000 final between France and Italy was decided by Golden Goal. Which player scored the goal?
England's all-time leading European Championship goalscorers have tallies of seven goals each. Can you name them?
Which one of the following three teams has not won the European Championship: Denmark, Belgium or Greece?
Denmark notably won Euro 92, despite the fact that they did not initially qualify. Which team did they replace?
In which year did the European Championship expand from 16 teams to 24 teams?
Only one person has won the European Championship as a player and as manager. Can you name them?
Answers:
1960
Spain
Henri Delaunay Trophy
Michel Platini at Euro 84
David Trezeguet
Alan Shearer and Harry Kane
Belgium (runners up in 1980)
Yugoslavia
Euro 2016
Berti Vogts (West Germany in 1972 and Germany in 1996)

With 365 goals, who holds the record for top Bundesliga goalscorer of all time?
Bayern Munich have won the record number of Bundesliga titles, but which two clubs follow with five titles each?
Can you name the most capped Germany international of all time?
Jurgen Klopp has managed two clubs in Germany, Borussia Dortmund and - can you name the other?
The record age for youngest head coach in the Bundesliga is 28 years and 205 days. Who was it?
FC Koln have which animal on their club crest?
RB Leipzig are otherwise known as...?
Germany have won the World Cup four times, but how many times have they done so as a unified country?
Only three German clubs have won the European Cup/Champions League. Can you name them?
What is the nickname of Borussia Monchengladbach?
Answers:
Gerd Muller
Borussia Monchengladbach and Borussia Dortmund
Lothar Matthaus (150 caps)
Mainz
Julian Nagelsmann (at Hoffenheim during the 2015-16 season)
A goat
The Red Bulls
Once (2014 - won in 1954, 1974 and 1990 as West Germany)
Bayern Munich, Borussia Dortmund and Hamburg
Die Fohlen (The Foals)

'Who am I?' football quiz questions
I made my international debut for Brazil in 1993 and scored in the game. I played in two World Cup finals and my club career saw me play in Brazil, Italy, Angola, Spain, Greece and Uzbekistan.
I've played in Germany, Italy, Austria and France. I have won Serie A and scored the first ever Golden Goal in international football.
I have played in the Conference, League Two, League One, Championship, Premier League, the UEFA Cup, Champions League and the World Cup.
I was the first Liverpool player to win the Ballon d'Or. I scored 40 goals for my country and have played in England and Spain.
I was originally a striker before becoming a defender. I played 11 seasons for the same club before managing them. I've won two Bundesliga titles and a Champions League.
I have played for Chelsea and spent time playing in Turkey. I've been crowned African Footballer of the Year four times and the Africa Cup of Nations twice.
I have won league titles in Italy, Germany, Portugal and Austria. I also won the European Cup both as a player and as a manager.
I am the manager who first named David Beckham as England captain.
I've won the World Cup and European Championship at international level and I won the Champions League on two occasions as manager of two different clubs.
I've worn numbers 7, 17, 28 and 9 in my career, playing my football across, England, Spain, Italy and Portugal.
Answers:
Rivaldo
Oliver Bierhoff
Steve Finnan
Michael Owen
Jurgen Klopp
Samuel Eto'o
Giovanni Trapattoni
Peter Taylor
Jupp Heynckes
Cristiano Ronaldo

In what league is the concept of a 'Designated Player' a feature?
Manchester United famously wear red, but what colours did they wear before adopting red?
Which club is associated with 'Galacticos'?
Which manager was famously said to have given players 'the Hairdryer Treatment'?
Which club is sometimes referred to as FC Hollywood?
In English football what is 'St Totteringham's Day'?
After Juventus, AC Milan and Inter, with nine Scudettos, which team has won the most Serie A titles?
In Spanish football, what is 'the Pichichi'?
In video game FIFA 20, team Piemonte Calcio represents which real-life club?
Which MLS franchise team does David Beckham own?
Answers:
Major League Soccer (MLS)
Green and gold
Real Madrid
Sir Alex Ferguson
Bayern Munich
The date on which it is mathematically impossible for Tottenham to finish above Arsenal
Genoa
The award given to the top goalscorer (named after Rafael "Pichichi" Moreno).
Juventus
Inter Miami

1. Who is the all-time leading goalscorer in FIFA World Cup history?

Answer: Miroslav Klose with 16 goals.

2. Which stadium is known as the "Theatre of Dreams"?

Answer: Old Trafford, the home of Manchester United.

3. Which country has won the most FIFA World Cup tournaments?

Answer: Brazil, with a total of 5 championships.

4. Who is the current captain of the Argentina national team?

Answer: Lionel Messi.

5. Which country won the UEFA Euro 2020 tournament?

Answer: Italy.

6. Which football player has won the most Ballon d'Or awards?

Answer: Lionel Messi with 8 Ballon d'Or titles.

7. Which club has won the most UEFA Champions League titles?

Answer: Real Madrid, with a record 13 championships.

8. Who holds the record for the most goals scored in a single Premier League season?

Answer: Alan Shearer, with 34 goals during the 1994-1995 season.

9. Which country hosted the 2018 FIFA World Cup?

Answer: Russia.

10. Who won the FIFA Women's World Cup 2019?

Answer: The United States of America.

11. Which footballer is known as "CR7"?

Answer: Cristiano Ronaldo.

12. What is the maximum number of players allowed on the field in a football game?

Answer: 11 players per team.

13. Which country won the Copa America 2021?

Answer: Argentina.

14. Who scored the fastest hat-trick in Premier League history?

Answer: Sadio Mané, in 2 minutes and 56 seconds for Southampton against Aston Villa in 2015.

15. Which club has won the most English Premier League titles?

Answer: Manchester United, with 20 championships.

16. Who is the most expensive football player of all time?

Answer: Neymar, transferred from Barcelona to Paris Saint-Germain (PSG) for €222 million.

17. Which player has won the most UEFA Champions League titles?

Answer: Francisco Gento, who won the tournament 6 times with Real Madrid.

18. Who is the current manager of the Liverpool football club?

Answer: Jurgen Klopp.

19. Which team has won the most FIFA Club World Cup titles?

Answer: Real Madrid, with 4 championships.

Who was the first English player to cost £1m in the transfer market, in 1979?
Trevor Francis
How many La Liga appearances did Zlatan Ibrahimovic make for Barcelona after his £60.7m from Inter in 2009?
29
Cristiano Ronaldo moved to Real Madrid for a record £80m from Manchester United in 2009, but how many goals did he score in total for the Red Devils?
118
How much did each Spain squad member get for winning the 2010 World Cup?
€600,000


1. Which English Football League side play their home games at The Den?

Millwall
Which is the main color of the LA Galaxy home strip?

white
Who is to host the 2010-2011 UEFA Champions League Final?

London
How many goals were scored in the 2010 World Cup?

145
In which country would you be watching football if you were at the Pirates Stadium?

South Africa
What number did Dwight Yorke wear for Man Utd?

19
Where was Owen Hargreaves born?
Caalgary, Canada
What is the name of Gary & Phil Neville's father?
Neville Neville


The Scudetto is the name given to the league title in which European country?
Which club did Alan Shearer win the Premier League title with?
Red Bull own a football club based in which Austrian city?
Who was the first goalkeeper to score in an FA Cup tie?
Which 2 teams play in The Barcelona Derby?
Which footballer has won the Premier League with both Leicester City and Manchester City?
Which former FIFA World Player of the Year became President of his home country in 2018?
Which player had 13 years between his 2 Champions League wins in 1995 and 2008?
Who was the first striker to score 100 Premier League goals for two different clubs?
How many times has England won the UEFA Women’s Championship?
In which year was the first UEFA European Championship held?
The Brazilian legend Romario played 5 seasons for which Dutch club before moving to Barcelona?
Which company has sponsored the EFL Trophy since 2020?
In what year was the Women’s Football Association established in England?
What is Juventus’ nickname?
In what football league does ‘The Beckham Rule’ apply?
Who is the most capped England player with 125 appearances?
Who scored the first ever goal in the Premier League?
Which EFL team plays their home games at the Wham Stadium?
What country did Eusébio play international football for?
Which football club as a stand named after Sir Elton John?
In what year did the women’s England football team play their first ever international game?
Which English club was the first to win the European Cup twice?
Which 2 countries hosted the 2002 FIFA World Cup?
Which striker was the first to score more than 20 goals in the Premier League for 5 consecutive seasons?
Tranbzonspor are a football club based in which country?
Reece James spent the 2019/20 season on loan at which club?
At which club did Frank Lampard start his professional career?
Who is the Bundesliga’s all-time top goalscorer?
Which England goalkeeper saved a penalty against Scotland at UEFA Euro 1996?
Who was the first player to be sent off in an FA Cup Final?
As of 2022, how many Ballon d’Or awards has Lionel Messi won?
What stadium is home to Bayern Munich?
Deli Ali moved to Tottenham Hotspur from which EFL club?
How many teams play in the group stages of the UEFA Champions League?
Which manager gave Gareth Southgate his England debut?
Who were the first team to win the European Cup in 1956?
Name the three players who shared the Premier League Golden Boot in 2019.
Which nation has won the African Cup of Nations the most?
How many teams originally competed in the Premier League?
Which Argentinian club did Lionel Messi play for as a youth?
Which football club in 1993 became the first to win the FA Cup and League Cup in the same season?
Which Frenchman was the first foreign player to win the PFA Player of the Year award?
Which club set a Premier League record for most goals scored in a match away from home when they beat Southampton 9-0?
What is the Dutch Super cup also known as?
Jaap Stam managed which English club?
What is Newcastle United’s mascot called?
Which nation won UEFA Euro 1992 despite not initially qualifying?
Which player holds the record for the most Premier League appearances with 653 games?
Hearts and Hibs both play their home games in which Scottish city?

Answers
Italy
Blackburn Rovers
Salzburg
Alan Cooling (in 1977 for Hampton)
Barcelona & Espanyol
Riyad Mahrez
George Weah
Edwin Van Der Sar
Alan Shearer
1 (in 2022)
1960
PSV Eindhoven
Papa Johns
1969
The Old Lady
MLS
Peter Shilton
Brian Deane
Accrington Stanley
Portugal
Watford F.C.
1972
Liverpool
South Korea & Japan
Thierry Henry
Turkey
Wigan Athletic
West Ham
Gerd Müller (with 365 goals)
David Seaman
Kevin Moran (in 1985)
7
Allianz Arena
MK Dons
32
Terry Venables
Real Madrid
Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, Sadio Mane and Mohamed Salah
Egypt (7 times)
22
Newell’s Old Boys
Arsenal
Eric Cantona
Leicester City
Johan Cruyff Shield
Reading
Monty Magpie
Denmark
Gareth Barry
Edinburgh


Who won the 2018 FIFA World Cup?
In what year was the inaugural tournament?
Which nation has won the most World Cups?
How often is the World Cup held?
Which 2 years did the scheduled tournaments not go ahead due to WWII?
What was the first World Cup trophy called?
Which 3 countries will host the 2026 tournament?
Who scored for England in the 1966 final against West Germany?
How many times have North Korea qualified for the tournament?
Who did Zinedine Zidane headbutt in the 2006 final?
In what year did Spain win their first World Cup?
What is the USA’s highest finishing position at a World Cup?
Who is the all-time leading World Cup goalscorer?
Which nation is the only one to participate in every tournament?
How many World Cups did Pele win?
In what year was Maradona’s ‘Hand of God’ incident?
Which 3 teams were in England’s group in 2018?
How many World Cups has Megan Rapinoe won?
Which host nation is the only one to get knocked out during the group stages?
What animal was the official mascot for the 1998 World Cup in France?
Which African footballer is the oldest person ever to score in a World Cup?
Who was the manager of the German national team when they won in 2014?
Which nation hosted the 1994 FIFA World Cup?
What was the final score in the 2014 final between Germany and Argentina?
Which company have published sticker albums for every World Cup since 1970?
What musical instrument was banned by FIFA after the 2010 World Cup?
How many times have Italy won the World Cup so far?
Which British pop star performed at the opening ceremony of the 2018 tournament?
Who was the youngest manager to win the World Cup?
A World Cup winning team has never been managed by someone of a different nationality. True or false?
Which nation has only ever played a single World Cup game?
Who was the only England player to convert a penalty in the quarter final shootout against Portugal in 2006?
Who performed the ‘save of the century’ against Pele in 1970?
Which 2 countries made their World Cup debuts in 2018?
Which sports brand has supplied every World Cup since 1970 with balls?
Which nation will have its World Cup debut in 2022?
What colour was the ball used in the 1966 final?
In what year was the World Cup first broadcast on TV?
Which 2 English players have won the Golden Boot award?
Who managed West Germany when they won in 1990?
How many teams qualify from the group stages to the knockout rounds?
Who was the top scorer in the 2002 FIFA World Cup?
Which host nation had an orange as their tournament mascot?
Who won the Best Young Player Award in 2018?
Which player scored a record 13 goals in a single tournament?
Before Qatar 2022, how many nations have won the FIFA World Cup?
Which nation was the first Asian country to reach the World Cup semi-finals?
In what year was the first FIFA Women’s World Cup?
Which nation is the only one to top the FIFA World Rankings without ever winning a World Cup?
The 1966 final was played at which football stadium?

Answers
France
1930
Brazil (5 times so far)
Every 4 years
1942 & 1946
Jules Rimet Trophy
USA, Canada & Mexico
Martin Peters & Geoff Hurst
Twice (in 1966 and 2010)
Marco Materazzi
2010
3rd (in 1930)
Miroslav Klose
Brazil
3 (in 1958, 1962 & 1970)
1986
Belgium, Panama & Tunisia
2 (in 2015 & 2019)
South Africa
A cockerel
Roger Milla (he was 42 years old)
Joachim Löw
United States
1-0 to Germany
Panini
Vuvuzela
4 (in 1934, 1938, 1982 & 2006)
Robbie Williams
Alberto Suppici
True
Indonesia
Owen Hargreaves
Gordon Banks
Iceland & Panama
Adidas
Qatar
Bright orange
1954
Gary Lineker & Harry Kane
Franz Beckenbauer
16
Ronaldo
Spain (in 1982)
Kylian Mbappe
Just Fontaine
8
South Korea (in 2002)
1991
Belgium
Wembley


1 The 1982 All-Ireland Football Final had one of the most famous and dramatic endings in GAA history, but what was the final score?
Answer: Offaly 1-15 v Kerry 0-17

With Kerry leading by 2 points with 2 minutes to go, the first ever 5-in-a-row of All-Ireland Football titles seemed to have been achieved. Then Seamus Darby scored the only goal of the game to put Offaly 1 point ahead and dash Kerry's dreams.
  From Quiz: Gaelic Football
2 Where was the first All-Ireland Senior Football Final played?
Answer: Beech Hill

The first All-Ireland Senior Football Championship final was held in Beech Hill, Clonskeagh on April 29, 1888, on the ground of St. Benburb's Football Club. Clonskeagh is now a southern suburb of Dublin.
  From Quiz: All-Ireland Finals: First 25 years
3 Which powerful predominantly hurling county called Nowlan Park its home in 2006?
Answer: Kilkenny

Nowlan Park was named after James Nowlan, a former President of the Gaelic Athletic Association(GAA).
Your options: [ Kilkenny ] [ Waterford ] [ Galway ] [ Tipperary ]
  From Quiz: Gaelic Games: County Grounds

4 Which month generally sees both the All-Ireland Football and Hurling finals being played at Croke Park?
Answer: September

The hurling final is generally played on the first Sunday in September with football final following a fortnight later.
Your options: [ July ] [ September ] [ August ] [ October ]
  From Quiz: Gaelic Games
5 When certain Connacht and Leinster counties meet, one of them must use an alternate jersey as their colours are the same. Which two counties?
Answer: Galway and Westmeath

Both Galway and Westmeath wear a maroon and white strip.
Your options: [ Galway and Westmeath ] [ Leitrim and Wicklow ] [ Mayo and Carlow ] [ Roscommon and Dublin ]
  From Quiz: Gaelic Athletic Association: County Colours

6 They have won the most All-Irelands, they are known as the Kingdom and they play in green, white and gold. Who are they?
Answer: Kerry

You haven't really won the All-Ireland unless you've beaten Kerry along the way. Kerry has won more than 30 All-Ireland titles.
  From Quiz: All About Gaelic Football

7 In what year was the first All-Ireland Senior Football Final played?
Answer: 1888

Twelve counties had entered for football in time and were paired as follows:
Louth v Waterford
Limerick v Meath
Kilkenny v Cork
Tipperary v Dublin
Wexford v Galway
Clare v Wicklow
Limerick went on to beat Louth in the Final.
Even though it was the final of 1887 it wasn't played until April 29, 1888.
  From Quiz: All-Ireland Finals: First 25 years

8 If my home ground was Dr. Hyde Park, I would have represented which county?
Answer: Roscommon

Roscommon was named after a former GAA President, Douglas Hyde. Hyde was opened in the 1960s and could accomodate up to 30,000 people.
Your options: [ Roscommon ] [ Donegal ] [ Longford ] [ Kildare ]
  From Quiz: Gaelic Games: County Grounds

9 Which was the first Ulster county to win the Sam Maguire trophy, that is given to the All-Ireland winners?
Answer: Cavan

Cavan lifted the All-Ireland trophy five times before any other Ulster county managed to win it, the second county being Down in 1960, making that the first time it had crossed the border into the North.
Your options: [ Antrim ] [ Cavan ] [ Down ] [ Tyrone ]
  From Quiz: Gaelic Games

10 Which if these four counties does not have black as one of its jersey colours?
Answer: Longford

Longford teams wear blue and yellow strips.
Your options: [ Longford ] [ Kilkenny ] [ Sligo ] [ Down ]
  From Quiz: Gaelic Athletic Association: County Colours

11 Armagh finally won their first All-Ireland in 2002. How many times had they lost in the final before that?
Answer: 2


Armagh lost to Kerry in 1953, and to Dublin in 1977.
  From Quiz: All About Gaelic Football
12 From which counties were the two teams in the first All-Ireland Senior Final?
Answer: Limerick and Louth

Unlike modern day All-Irelands, there were no provincial championships and it was an open draw.
Your options: [ Cork and Dublin ] [ Limerick and Louth ] [ Limerick and Dublin ] [ Cork and Louth ]
  From Quiz: All-Ireland Finals: First 25 years
13 Which footballing county are also known as The Royals?
Answer: Meath

The High Kings of Ireland sat in Tara which was in Meath, and the county is known in Irish as 'An Mhi' meaning the middle. The name of course referring to its geographical situation in Ireland.
Your options: [ Dublin ] [ Meath ] [ Kerry ] [ Cork ]
  From Quiz: Gaelic Games
14 In what is possibly the ugliest sporting kit of all time, which county play in the colours red, green, and yellow?
Answer: Carlow

Hey, if you are from Carlow, I'm sorry, but it's true. Of all the county strips, Carlow's is easily the most jarring to the eyes.
Your options: [ Mayo ] [ Carlow ] [ Longford ] [ Donegal ]
  From Quiz: All About Gaelic Football
15 What have the All-Ireland Football finals of 1969, 1992, 2001 and 2010 got in common?
Answer: There were no goals, only points scored

The results were:

1969 Kerry 0-10 v Offaly 0-7
1992 Donegal 0-18 v Dublin 0-14
2001 Galway 0-17 v Meath 0-8
2010 Cork 0-16 v Down 0-15
  From Quiz: Gaelic Football
16 From which county were the winners of the first All-Ireland Senior Final?
Answer: Limerick

The final score was Limerick 1-04 to Louth 0-3. Limerick's captain was Denis Corbett and Louth's captain was Michael John Carroll.
Your options: [ Cork ] [ Limerick ] [ Dublin ] [ Louth ]
  From Quiz: All-Ireland Finals: First 25 years
17 In different summers in the 1990s, one could attend a weekend music festival in Semple Stadium. It was much better known for seeing 30 passionate men swinging hurls about. Whose home was this?
Answer: Tipperary

This was called the 'trip to tipp'. The music along with the hurling was an unforgettable experience.
  From Quiz: Gaelic Games: County Grounds
18 Which county has been responsible for winning more football titles than any other county in Ireland?
Answer: Kerry

The 'Kingdom' as they are known have a footballing history that is unrivaled in Ireland, and had won three of four All-Ireland finals, the third being in 2007 being against Munster rivals Cork.
Your options: [ Dublin ] [ Kerry ] [ Galway ] [ Limerick ]
  From Quiz: Gaelic Games
19 Only one county wears two shades of the same colour, light and dark. Which county is this?
Answer: Dublin

Dublin wear light and dark blue strips.
Your options: [ Dublin ] [ Donegal ] [ Leitrim ] [ Wexford ]
  From Quiz: Gaelic Athletic Association: County Colours
20 Down made history when they became the first county to take the trophy over the border. In what year was that?
Answer: 1960

Many grown men cried that night in 1960 as the Mournemen crossed the border. Rumours abounded that they would not be allowed to carry the cup north, but they did, and then returned with it the next year.
  From Quiz: All About Gaelic Football

21 The 1947 final was played in New York, not Ireland, to commemorate the famine. Who beat who in that final?
Answer: Cavan beat Kerry

The final was played in the now defunct Polo Grounds in New York.
  From Quiz: Gaelic Football
22 Why was the 1888 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship never finished?
Answer: Tour by Gaelic Athletic Association athletes in the United States

The Gaelic Athletic Association (GAA) athletes went to the United States to promote Gaelic games in North America. The tour became known as the "Gaelic Invasion", and many of the athletes ended up settling in the United States.
  From Quiz: All-Ireland Finals: First 25 years
23 St. Tiernachs Park is very well known but maybe not so well by this name. Which county used this updated ground in 2007?
Answer: Monaghan

St. Tiernachs annually hosted the final of the Ulster Provincial Championship. In 2007, Tyrone beat Monaghan (who were effectively playing at home ) by a slender two-point margin.
Your options: [ Monaghan ] [ Armagh ] [ Cavan ] [ Louth ]
  From Quiz: Gaelic Games: County Grounds
24 Which predominantly hurling county play their home games at Nowlan Park?
Answer: Kilkenny

The 'Cats', the 'Black and Amber men', Kilkenny are basically the Kerry of hurling. Every town, village, and townland contains youngsters passionately growing up with the dream of representing their county and emulating heroes like D.J Carey and Henry Sheflin.
Your options: [ Laois ] [ Kilkenny ] [ Waterford ] [ Tipperary ]
  From Quiz: Gaelic Games
25 Red, blue, green, and yellow are very popular, but which county includes the colour purple in their jersey?
Answer: Wexford

Wexford teams wear a purple and yellow strip.
Your options: [ Wexford ] [ Monaghan ] [ Fermanagh ] [ Sligo ]
  From Quiz: Gaelic Athletic Association: County Colours
26 What nickname is given to the footballers from Derry?
Answer: The Oak Leaf County

Doire is the Oak Leaf County, having one All-Ireland to their name.
  From Quiz: All About Gaelic Football
27 What was the first non-Irish team to play in the All-Ireland Senior Championship?
Answer: London

On the 26 October 1902, London played Tipperary at Jones' Road, Dublin. Tipperary won the match with the score Tipperary 3-7 London 0-2.
  From Quiz: All-Ireland Finals: First 25 years
28 Prior to St. Tiernachs Park, Casement Park generally hosted the Ulster final. Which historic county used this for its home games?
Answer: Antrim

Named after Roger Casement, one of the Irish Volunteers from the 1916 Easter Rising, Casement Park was also recently given a major facelift. In 2006, it actually acquired floodlights. In GAA terms, this is like Old Trafford or Fenway Park getting a new stand.
Your options: [ Antrim ] [ Sligo ] [ Down ] [ Mayo ]
  From Quiz: Gaelic Games: County Grounds
29 Gaelic Games is a generalisation of Irish sport but which 'gaelic game' is actually the native game of Ireland as governed by Cumann Luthcleas Gael?
Answer: Handball

Pretty much a little known fact. The obvious answers are of course football and hurling, but they both have to take second place to handball. The modern version originated in the 16th century in Scotland and Ireland, and European derivatives also exist like the Spanish-base Pelota.
Your options: [ Gaelic Football ] [ Handball ] [ Camogie ] [ Hurling ]
  From Quiz: Gaelic Games
30 Only two counties wear three different colours. Which counties?
Answer: Offaly and Carlow

Offaly's shirt has green, white, and gold hoops. Carlow teams wear green, red, and yellow.
Your options: [ Offaly and Carlow ] [ Cavan and Roscommon ] [ Carlow and Cavan ] [ Roscommon and Offaly ]
  From Quiz: Gaelic Athletic Association: County Colours

31 What is the name given to the All-Ireland Cup?
Answer: Sam Maguire

Named after one of the many Irish patriots of old.
  From Quiz: All About Gaelic Football
32 The original Sam Maguire trophy was replaced by a new one in what year?
Answer: 1988

The Sam Maguire trophy was first presented in 1928 and continued to be so until 1987. It is now in the GAA Museum in Croke Park.
  From Quiz: Gaelic Football
33 The 1893 All-Ireland Senior Final was played in Dublin, but where in Dublin was it played?
Answer: Phoenix Park

The final was played in the Phoenix Park on the 24 June 1894 between Wexford and Cork. Wexford won the match with a score of Wexford 1-1, Cork 0-1.
  From Quiz: All-Ireland Finals: First 25 years
34 Where is Pearse Stadium?
Answer: Galway

Not a bad ground with a capacity of 35,000, naturally named after Patrick Pearse.
  From Quiz: Gaelic Games: County Grounds
35 One very famous football final occurred in 1982. Which underdog was the one to stop Kerry from winning an unprecedented five titles in a row?
Answer: Offaly

Seamus Darby scored a very controversial goal with only a minute left to give Offaly a shock victory by 1-15 to 0-17, meaning that Kerry was defeated by the minimum margin and give Offaly only their third title in their history.
Your options: [ Roscommon ] [ Offaly ] [ Donegal ] [ Kildare ]
  From Quiz: Gaelic Games
36 Only three counties had never won provincial titles in 2003. Who are they?
Answer: Fermanagh, Westmeath and Wicklow

Of these three, Fermanagh and Westmeath have made the most recent progress.
  From Quiz: All About Gaelic Football
37 The 1991 Leinster Football Championship saw an epic saga between Dublin and Meath. How many times did they meet?
Answer: 4

After drawing on three occasions, Meath beat Dublin by one point in the fourth match. They drew their next game against Wicklow, meaning another replay. They won that and then beat Offaly to finally reach the Leinster final. They beat Laois in the Leinster final, to set up an All-Ireland semi-final against Roscommon. They won that to reach the All-Ireland Final. The final was their tenth match of the championship. Although they mounted a major comeback in it, as Meath of that era were famous for, Down won the final by 2 points.
  From Quiz: Gaelic Football
38 Who was the referee for the first All-Ireland Senior Football Final?
Answer: John Cullinane

The referee was John Cullinane from Bansha in County Tipperary. Cullinane later went on to become an M.P. The other names mentioned above were team players.
  From Quiz: All-Ireland Finals: First 25 years
39 The smallest county ground in Ireland in 2007 belonged to the county that played out of Aughrim Park. Who were they?
Answer: Wicklow

Wicklow only held 10,000, yet still had difficulty having a sellout.
  From Quiz: Gaelic Games: County Grounds
40 Which Tyrone legend returned to the field for the last ten minutes of their historic clash with Armagh in the 2003 football final, to help Tyrone win their first title?
Answer: Peter Canavan

Peter 'the great' Canavan will go down as one of the greatest footballers of his or any other generation. A winner of 6 All-Stars, 4 Ulster titles, and 2 All-Ireland titles, Canavan went off with an injury during the 2003 final only to return at the end to guide his players to victory. Aside from being Tyrone's first title, it was also the first time that two Ulter teams had met in the final game of an All-Ireland Championship.
Your options: [ Brian Dooher ] [ Peter Canavan ] [ Stephen O'Neill ] [ Peter Donnelly ]

France's first win in this major European club competition was in 1993, when Olympique Marseille defeated AC Milan. But right back at the beginning, in 1956, another French team could have been the first. Who lost out against mighty Real Madrid?
Answer: Stade Reims

The road to Paris for Stade Reims went over Danish outfit Aarhus (2-0, 2-2), Voros Lobogo from Hungary (4-2, 4-4), and Scottish club Hibernian (2-0, 1-0).
In the final, played in Paris, Stade Reims twice took the lead (2-0, 3-2) but lost 4-3 eventually. Three years later Ards from Northern Island (10-3), Standard Liege (7-0), and Swiss club BSC Young Boys (3-1, all scores on aggregate) couldn't stop Stade Reims getting to the final for the second time. But in Stuttgart Real Madrid proved to be too strong again, this time by the score of 2-0.
  From Quiz: So Close: Losing Finalists
2 Who were the participants in the first European Cup Final in 1956?
Answer: Real Madrid and Stade Reims

Stade Reims, boasting the talent of Raymond Kopa and inspirational coach Albert Batteux, came up against the great Real Madric side of Di Stefano and Gento. Real won the first of their five consecutive European Cups 4-3. Milan was defeated by Madrid 5-4 on aggregate in the semi-finals, Benfica won the 1961 and 1962 tournaments.
  From Quiz: European Cup Finals
3 Real Madrid famously won the first European Cup, but do you know in what stadium the first European Cup Final took place?
Answer: Parc des Princes

The home of PSG hosted the first ever European Cup Final in the 1955-56 season. Real Madrid beat Stade de Reims-Champagne 4-3 with Alfredo Di Stefano the star player for Real.
  From Quiz: European Cup

4 Which club dominated the first era of the UEFA Champions League?
Answer: Real Madrid

The Champions League started in 1955 and Real Madrid dominated until 1960. After, Benfica took charge in 1961.
Your options: [ Real Madrid ] [ Ajax ] [ Liverpool ] [ AC Milan ]
  From Quiz: UEFA Champions League History
5 Who won the UEFA Champions League final in 2004?
Answer: FC Porto

FC Porto beat Monaco 3-0. This made 2 consecutive European titles for FC Porto. In the previous season they won the UEFA Cup when they beat Celtic 3-2 in the final, played at Seville.
  From Quiz: Champions League Finals

6 In the 1960 European Cup final, Real Madrid beat Eintracht Frankfurt 7-3. Which legendary Hungarian superstar scored four of Madrid's goals in that unforgettable match?
Answer: Ferenc Puskas

In a classic match that is now regarded as one of the best matches ever, Real Madrid won their fifth consecutive European Cup (on its fifth edition). The match was played at Hampden Park in Scotland. Only four players scored the ten goals of the match: Ferenc Puskas and Alfredo di Stefano for Real Madrid; Richard Kress and Erwin Stein for Eintracht Frankfurt.

Ferenc Puskas is one of football's all-time greats. Born in Budapest, Hungary in 1927, Puskas started his professional career in Budapest Honved, for which he scored over 300 goals. He joined Real Madrid in 1958 and would remain with "Los Blancos" until his retirement in 1966. Puskas played with Hungary's international team for most of his career, winning an Olympic gold medal and reaching the final of the 1954 World Cup. He also played for Spain between 1961 and 1962. FIFA awards an annual prize called the "Puskas Award" to the best, "most beautiful" goal of the year.
Your options: [ Ferenc Puskas ] [ Laszlo Kubala ] [ Alfredo Di Stefano ] [ Ulrich Stein ]
  From Quiz: Eight Great Champions League Finals

7 What was the venue of the first ever European Cup?
Answer: Parc des Princes (France)

Real Madrid beat Stade de Reims 4-3.
  From Quiz: European Cup / ECL Finals
8 Who scored the only goal in the 1998 Champions League final between Real Madrid and Juventus?
Answer: Mijatovic

The final took place in Amsterdam. Pedrag Mijatovic scored after 67 minutes the only goal. Real Madrid won the match 1-0.
  From Quiz: European Cup Finals

9 Juventus, AC Milan and Inter are household names when Italian club successes are concerned. But the first opportunity of Italian glory came down to a less fancied club. Which one?
Answer: Fiorentina

1957 European Cup: After a bye in the preliminary round Fiorentina got it going against Swedish side IFK Norrköping (2-1 on aggregate), Grasshopper Club from Switzerland (5-3 over all), and Red Star Belgrade (1-0 in total). In the final, played in Madrid, the home team (Rweal Madrid!) had a hard time defending its title, but managed eventually to do so. Goals in the 70th and 76th minute provided the 2-0 win.
Your options: [ Fiorentina ] [ Torino ] [ Napoli ] [ Sampdoria ]
  From Quiz: So Close: Losing Finalists

10 Bobby Charlton scored a brace and George Best took the plaudits with a wonderful goal in the 1968 European Cup Final, but who scored United's other goal that night?
Answer: Brian Kidd

United won 4-1 after extra-time to become the first English club to win the European Cup. Kidd was celebrating his 19th birthday when he scored, although much of the attention was grabbed by George Best's performance. The match also came 10 years after the Munich air disaster, with Bobby Charlton and Bill Foulkes being the only players remaining to play in the final.
  From Quiz: European Cup Finals

11 Real Madrid won the first five European Cups. Which club was the second club to win Europe's elite competition?
Answer: Benfica


Benfica beat Barcelona 3-2 in the 1961 decider to end Real Madrid's dominance of this trophy. Real Madrid were beaten by eventual finalists Barcelona in an earlier round.
Your options: [ Inter Milan ] [ AC Milan ] [ Benfica ] [ Barcelona ]
  From Quiz: European Cup
12 Which city hosted the first ever UEFA Champions League final?
Answer: Paris

Paris hosted the first ever UEFA Champions League final between Real Madrid and Stade de Reims-Champagne. The stadium was Parc des Princes in Paris. After that year, Madrid hosted the final in the Bernabeu.
Your options: [ Paris ] [ London ] [ Madrid ] [ Stuttgart ]
  From Quiz: UEFA Champions League History
13 1980 - And a return to the final for Nottingham Forest. And like the previous year a famous 1-0 victory was recorded, but who did they beat on this occasion?
Answer: SV Hamburg

A goal by John Robertson in the 19th minute was enough for Forest to beat Kevin Keegan's German champions in Madrid's Bernabeu Stadium on the 28th May 1980. Forest were never to compete in another European final but it was a golden time for them.
  From Quiz: European Cup / ECL Finals
14 Which English club, then managed by Brian Clough, defeated Swedish side Malmo by 1-0 in the 1979 European Cup final?
Answer: Nottingham Forest

Nottingham Forest won 1-0 with Trevor Francis scoring at the very end of the first half. The club was in great shape at that time: they had won the First Division's title in the 1977-78 season and were runners-up in the 1978-79 season. The match was played at the Olympiastadion in Munich, Germany.

Nottingham Forrest was founded in 1865, making it one of the oldest football clubs in England. Though the club's successes in the 21st century have been limited, Notts Forest enjoyed many victories in the 20th century: they won the English First Division in 1977-78, an FA Cup in 1958-59, two consecutive European Cups in 1978-79 and 1979-80, and the 1979 European Super Cup. They have the unique distinction of winning more European Cups than domestic titles (two vs. one).
Your options: [ Nottingham Forest ] [ Bolton Wanderers ] [ Manchester United ] [ Arsenal ]
  From Quiz: Eight Great Champions League Finals
15 Which team was the first British team to lift the European Cup?
Answer: Celtic

A goal by Chalmers in the 85th minute, gave Celtic a 2-1 win over Italian giants Internazionale in 1967.
Your options: [ Manchester United ] [ Nottingham Forest ] [ Liverpool ] [ Celtic ]
  From Quiz: European Cup / ECL Finals
16 Who scored the only goal in the 1982 final between Bayern Munich and Aston Villa?
Answer: Withe

The final took place in Rotterdam, Holland. Aston Villa won it. They were the sixth English team in a row to win the European Cup : Liverpool in 1977, 1978 and 1981, Nottingham Forrest in 1979 and 1980.
  From Quiz: European Cup Finals
17 Bayern Munich was the first German club to win the European Cup (in 1974). But 14 years prior to that another team might have gotten eternal fame first for Germany. Which club went down in an historic game at Hampden Park, back in 1960?
Answer: Eintracht Frankfurt

Eintracht Frankfurt had to overcome Finnish side (VPS Kuopio, walkover), Young Boys from Switzerland (5-2 on aggregate), Austrian side Wiener Sport Club (total score 3-2) and Glasgow Rangers from Scotland, thrashing it with scores of 6-1 and 6-3. In the final Eintracht Frankfurt received a drubbing itself. Richard Kress opened the score in the tenth minute, Erwin Stein added another in the 72nd minute, but by then Real Madrid had scored five goals. In the end the score was 7-3, which made the game the highest scoring final in this competition. And an attendance of 135,000 spectators for a finakl was also a record.
Your options: [ Eintracht Frankfurt ] [ Schalke 04 ] [ Hamburger SV ] [ Werder Bremen ]
  From Quiz: So Close: Losing Finalists
18 Ajax won the first of their 3 consecutive European Cup wins in 1971, but which Dutch club won the competition a year earlier in 1970?
Answer: Feyenoord

Feyenoord beat Celtic 2-1 after extra-time with goals from Israel and Kindvall, and thus became the first club from the Netherlands to win the European Cup. This victory was followed by the 'Cruyff Generation' and 3 consecutive European Cups for Ajax.
Your options: [ AZ ] [ Feyenoord ] [ FC Twente ] [ PSV ]
  From Quiz: European Cup Finals
19 Which Champions League final was the first ever to have an extra time?
Answer: Real Madrid vs AC Milan

Real Madrid vs AC Milan was the third Champions League final and the first to host an extra time. It finished 3-2 in extra time for Real Madrid.
Your options: [ Real Madrid vs AC Milan ] [ Inter Milan vs AC Milan ] [ Barcelona vs Benfica ] [ Real Madrid vs Fiorentina ]
  From Quiz: UEFA Champions League History
20 Who won UEFA Champions League final in 2002?
Answer: Real Madrid

Real Madrid beat Leverkussen 2-1 with a beautiful goal by Zidane. This was the Spaniard's 9th win in the European Cup/Champions League.
  From Quiz: Champions League Finals

21 1981 - Yet another English side make it to the final, but which team beat Real Madrid in Paris by a single goal?
Answer: Liverpool

Alan Kennedy scored the only goal in the 82nd minute in a tense encounter in the Parc des Princes on 27th May, 1981. It would be one of four successes for the Liverpool club in a golden period of their history.
Your options: [ Aston Villa ] [ Leeds United ] [ Manchester United ] [ Liverpool ]
  From Quiz: European Cup / ECL Finals
22 The 1988 European Cup final between PSV Eindhoven and Benfica was not a particularly exciting match. How was the champion ultimately decided, by a score of 6-5?
Answer: Penalty shootout

Dutch side PSV Eindhoven reached the final by leaving behind Real Madrid (the aggregate score was tied, but PSV qualified because of their away goal against the Spanish team). Benfica, from Portugal, was classified to the final by defeating the Romanian side Steaua București. Both finalists played in a quite defensive style, which unfortunately for the audience, resulted in a scoreless match in regular time. This continued through extra time, which led to a penalty shootout to decide the winner.

The penalty shootout turned out to be very exciting: all five shooters from both teams managed to score their penalties. Koeman, Kieft, Nielsen, Vanenburg, and Lerby scored PSV's penalties; Elzo, Dito, Redouane, Pacheco, and Mozer did the job for Benfica. The match came down to a missed penalty by Portuguese defender Antonio Veloso. Anton Janssen, who had joined the match as a substitute in extra time, scored the winning penalty that gave PSV Eindhoven their first European Cup title.
  From Quiz: Eight Great Champions League Finals
23 How many times did Ajax win the Cup in the 1970s?
Answer: 3

They won it 3 times: 1971, 1972 & 1973 (and again in 1995!)
  From Quiz: European Cup / ECL Finals
24 Who scored the winning-goal in the 1970 final between Feyenoord and Celtic Glasgow?
Answer: Kindvall

The final took place in San Siro, Milan. After 90 minutes, the score was 1-1. Deep in the extra-time, Kindvall scored the 2-1.
  From Quiz: European Cup Finals
25 In 1966, the European Cup was into its 11th year. Real Madrid won an incredible sixth European Cup (they won the first five 1956 to 1960) at the expense of a club from Yugoslavia. What was its representative?
Answer: Partizan Belgrade

Partizan had some tough nuts to crack on the road to Brussels with French club Nantes (4-2), Werder Bremen from Germany (3-1), Czechoslovakian side Sparta Prague (6-4) and Manchester United (2-1, all scores on aggregate). The win against Prague was particularly remarkable as Partizan had lost the first tie 4-1. In the final the (then) Yugoslavs took the lead in the 55th minute through Velibor Vasovic, but twenty minutes later Madrid had turned it around to win it 2-1.
  From Quiz: So Close: Losing Finalists
26 Who scored Nottingham Forest's winning goal in the 1979 European Cup Final?
Answer: Trevor Francis

Francis was making his first European appearance for Forest since his move from Birmingham City, when he scored in the 45th minute. Both teams had players missing with Bo Larsson, Roy Andersson, and Staffan Tapper out for Forest's opponents, Malmo FF and Martin O'Neill injured and Archie Gemmill not selected for the victors. The sides played out the final, but Francis' goal ensured Forest won the first of their 2 European Cups.
  From Quiz: European Cup Finals
27 Celtic were the first British side to win the European Cup, when they beat Inter Milan 2-1 in the 1967 Final. Who scored their winning goal?
Answer: Stevie Chalmers

Stevie Chalmers scored in the 84th minute to fire Celtic into the lead after Tommy Gemmell had equalised just after the hour mark. Inter Milan had taken a lead after six minutes in Lisbon but the "Lisbon Lions" charged back to win the trophy.
  From Quiz: European Cup
28 During which final match did the Heysel tragedy occur?
Answer: Liverpool vs Juventus

The Heysel stadium disaster occurred due to football hooliganism and a wall collapsed. It was on May 29, 1985, between Liverpool and Juventus. 39 people were killed, mostly Italian Jventus fans. After that, Liverpool was banned from all European competitions for six years and other English clubs for five years. It has been called the darkest hour in the history of the UEFA competitions.
Your options: [ Liverpool vs Juventus ] [ Nottingham Forest vs Malmo FF ] [ Benfica vs AC Milan ] [ Bayern Munich vs Leeds United ]
  From Quiz: UEFA Champions League History
29 Who won UEFA Champions League final in 2001?
Answer: Bayern Munchen

Bayern Munchen beat Valencia in shoot out. This was the 2nd final lost in a row for Valencia - they lost in 2000 to Real Madrid. Oliver Kahn was the hero of the game.
  From Quiz: Champions League Finals
30 1982 - The English domination continued with Aston Villa winning against all odds against Bayern Munich. Who scored the only goal of the game to take yet another English club victory over a German club?
Answer: Peter Withe

Peter Withe stooped to win the game against a strong German side. Sixty seven minutes had elapsed in Rotterdam before Villa completed a five year span of English successes in the Premier competition.
  From Quiz: European Cup / ECL Finals

31 Ajax beat A.C. Milan 1-0 in the 1995 final. Who scored the winning goal?
Answer: Patrick Kluivert

Kluivert came on as a substitute for Jari Litmanen, to score in the 85th minute.
  From Quiz: European Cup / ECL Finals
32 Who scored the winning goal in the 1958 final between Real Madrid and AC Milan?
Answer: Gento

After 90 minutes, the score was 2-2. Gento scored the deciding goal in the 107th minute.
  From Quiz: European Cup Finals
33 Which Liverpool goalkeeper performed his famous 'Spaghetti Legs' antics in the penalty shootout against Roma in 1984?
Answer: Bruce Grobbelaar

Liverpool won 4-2 in the shootout to lift their 4th European Cup, with two Roma players distracted by Grobbelaar's behaviour.
Your options: [ Ray Clemence ] [ Bruce Grobbelaar ] [ Peter Shilton ] [ Bob Bolder ]
  From Quiz: European Cup Finals
34 Which stadium hosted the final of when the Heysel tragedy occur?
Answer: Heysel Stadium

The Heysel Stadium in Brussels hosted the final of when the Heysel tragedy occurred. The match was Juventus vs Liverpool and saw Juventus winning 1-0.
Your options: [ Heysel Stadium ] [ Heyzel Stadium ] [ Heyselstadion ] [ Heyzelstadion ]
  From Quiz: UEFA Champions League History
35 Who won Champions League final in 2000?
Answer: Real Madrid

Real Madrid beat Valencia 3-0. This was the 8th occasion that the Spanish giants had won the European Cup/Champions League.
  From Quiz: Champions League Finals
36 1983 - At last no English representative in the final but who played in the match?
Answer: SV Hamburg vs Juventus

Hamburg won the game by yet another single goal margin. A ninth minute strike by Felix Magath in Athens saw the disappoinment of three years earlier go away for good. Hamburg were well worth their win.
  From Quiz: European Cup / ECL Finals
37 Which German midfielder, whose name may remind you of a Nintendo character, scored the opening goal in the 1999 Champions League final between Manchester United and Bayern Munich?
Answer: Mario Basler

Mario Basler is a German footballer who spent most of his professional career playing in his home country. Basler played mostly as a midfielder; however, that did not prevent him from scoring goals. In fact, Basler was one of the Bundesliga's top goal-scorers in the 1994-95 season. Basler also played internationally for Germany and scored his only non-friendly goal in a 1998 World Cup qualifier against Ukraine.

Basler scored in the 6th minute for Bayern Munich. Unfortunately for the German squad, Manchester United's Teddy Sheringham and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer both scored in stoppage time to give Manchester United a dramatic 2-1 last-minute win. The victory also meant that the "Red Devils" won "the Treble" (winning the Premier League, the FA Cup, and the Champions League) for the first time in the history of English football.
Your options: [ Mario Basler ] [ Ole Gunnar Solskjaer ] [ Luigi Giuliano ] [ Stefan Effenberg ]
  From Quiz: Eight Great Champions League Finals
38 Who scored the only goal in the 1992 final between Sampdoria and Barcelona?
Answer: Koeman

He scored at Wembley in extra-time with a great free-kick, in front of more than 70,000 soccer fans.
  From Quiz: European Cup Finals
39 In the 1970s, Belgian football was a forced to be reckoned with, culminating in appearances in several finals in different European Cups. Which club played in the 1978 European Cup final, played at Wembley?
Answer: Club Bruges

An impressive series against PS Kuopio from Finland (4-0, 5-2), Panathinaikos (2-0, 0-1), Atletico Madrid (2-0, 2-3), and Italian giants Juventus (0-1, 2-0) , gave Bruges a deserved shot at the Cup. Liverpool, virtually playing on home soil, beat the Belgians 1-0 thanks to a goal halfway through the second half. It was the second time these teams had met in three years. In 1976, the Liverpudlians had beaten Bruges 4-3 on aggregate in the UEFA Cup final.
Your options: [ Club Bruges ] [ Anderlecht ] [ Standard Liege ] [ KV Mechelen ]
  From Quiz: So Close: Losing Finalists
40 At which stadium did the infamous final of 1985 take place?
Answer: Heysel

39 fans died before their team played the holders, Liverpool. The match took place regardless and finished 1-0 to Juve with a goal by Michael Platini, although the result was irrelevant. The disaster resulted in a 5-year ban on all English clubs from European competitions.
Your options: [ Wembley ] [ Heysel ] [ Camp Nou ] [ Stade de France ]
  From Quiz: European Cup Finals

Who won Italy's Serie A for the 2019-20 season?
Answer: Juventus

Juventus won by one point over Inter while Lecce, Brescia, and SPAL, were relegated. Serie A was suspended from March 9 until June 20, with the season ending July 26.
  From Quiz: 2019-20: Winners in a Losing Year
2 If a friend decides to watch the Gooners play against Liverpool, which team has your friend gone to watch?
Answer: Arsenal

Founded in 1886, Arsenal's nickname refers to the founding of the club by a group of workers at the Royal Arsenal, an armanent factory in Woolwich, London, where guns and other weapons were made.

The team has been a member of England's elite league, the Premier League for decades and is among the forces to be reckoned with in Europe. The team was the second in English football to finish the league without losing a match, in the 2003/2004 season. They were coached for over 20 years by one of the longest serving coaches in the EPL, Arsene Wenger who led them through their invincible season. He also gained many accolades, although the UEFA Champions League remained elusive.
Your options: [ Sheffield United ] [ Tottenham Hotspur ] [ Gunport FC ] [ Arsenal ]
  From Quiz: Football Team Nicknames
3 European Cup - Which Scottish club did Feyenoord beat in 1970 to win their first European Cup?
Answer: Celtic

Feyenoord's first entry into the European Cup came in the 1961-62 season, when they failed to get past the first round. The 1969-70 season saw their fourth attempt to win Europe's top prize, in which they were able to get past clubs from Iceland, Italy, East Germany and Poland to reach the final, where they faced Scottish champions Celtic. The game, played at the San Siro stadium in Milan on 6 May 1970 saw Feyenoord win 2-1, becoming the first Dutch club to win a European trophy, the year after their bitter rivals Ajax had failed to win the same competition. Entering the following season's competition as holders, Feyenoord were subsequently beaten in the first round.
Your options: [ Rangers ] [ Celtic ] [ Aberdeen ] [ Hibernian ]
  From Quiz: They've (Almost) Won The Lot!

4 European Cup - Which Greek club did Ajax beat to win their first European Cup?
Answer: Panathinaikos

Ajax had made their first appearance in the European Cup final in 1969, where they had been defeated by Italian side AC Milan. Two years later, at the end of the 1970-71 season, the club reached the final for a second time, having defeated opponents from Albania, Switzerland, Scotland and Spain en route. The final was played on 2 June 1971 at Wembley Stadium in London, with Ajax beating Greek champions Panathinaikos, who were appearing in their first final, by two goals to nil. Ajax's triumph was the first of three successive victories in the European Cup, with the club going on to beat Italian sides Inter and Juventus in 1972 and 1973 respectively.
Your options: [ Panathinaikos ] [ AEK Athens ] [ Olympiakos ] [ PAOK Salonika ]
  From Quiz: They've Won The Lot!
5 Clubs such as Arsenal, Liverpool and Manchester United won loads of league titles in England during the 20th century, but which club, managed by Alf Ramsey, won their only title in season 1961-62?
Answer: Ipswich Town

Ipswich Town, from the East Anglian county of Suffolk, had spent most of their league existence in Division Three (South), but the appointment of Alf Ramsey as manager in 1955 saw an upturn in their fortunes. They were promoted to the top flight for the very first time in 1961, and, incredibly, won the league in their first season amongst the "big boys". Ray Crawford bagged 33 goals as they finished three points ahead of Burnley.
None of the other three teams won the league during the 20th century.
Your options: [ Norwich City ] [ Watford ] [ Luton Town ] [ Ipswich Town ]
  From Quiz: One-Hit Wonders of the 20th Century

6 Having helped the Soviet Union win the Gold Medal at the 1956 Melbourne Olympics, which wonderful talent failed to represent his nation at the 1958 World Cup, due to charges of rape?
Answer: Eduard Streltsov

There has been a lot of debate and confusion over what actually happened in 1958. Streltsov (nicknamed the 'Russian Pele'), and two of his teammates (Tatushin and Ogonkov) were arrested and charged with raping a woman named Marina Lebedeva. One story goes that Streltsov was told by the powers above him that he would be allowed to play in the World Cup if he confessed to the incident. He maintained his innocence in writings to his family but confessed, believing that he would be allowed to play. He was sentenced to 12 years in labor camps, but later was released after 5 years. Ogonkov and Tatushin both received bans from playing for the national team also. He reclaimed a place in the national team by 1966. The lack of transparency in the whole saga could have cost the Soviet Union a much better finish in the 1958 World Cup. Igor Netto played in the 1956 Olympic winning team, as well as in the team that reached the quarterfinals of the 1958 World Cup. Lev Yashin (known as the 'Black Spider') was a key goalkeeper for the national team, and along with playing in 1958. He helped the Soviet Union to claim the 1960 European Nation's Cup. Oleg Blokhin played for the national team between 1972 and 1988, having scored 42 goals in 112 appearances.
Your options: [ Oleg Blokhin ] [ Eduard Streltsov ] [ Igor Netto ] [ Lev Yashin ]
  From Quiz: Eastern European Football Stories

7 This top scorer of the Belarusian league joined Jagiellonia Bialystok. He can play both as an attacker and as a winger. He is naturally left-footed. Who was this?
Answer: Maycon Calijuri

Maycon was supposed to join other Polish team, Slask Wroclaw, but was convinced to join Jagiellonia instead.
  From Quiz: Polish Football Transfers: 2010

8 At club level, the first club that achieved international success was Slovan Bratislava. It was in 1969 and the club beat FC Barcelona 3-2 in the final of this competition. Which competition was it?
Answer: Cup Winners Cup

Slovan was the only team from the former Czechoslovakia which won one of the major European trophies. Also they were the third team from Central Europe to win an European Trophy. The final was held in Basel, Switzerland.
Your options: [ UEFA Cup ] [ European Cup ] [ Cup Winners Cup ] [ Inter-Cities Fairs Cup ]
  From Quiz: Football in Slovakia

9 Glasgow Celtic midfielder, who played for the club in 1998-2002, formed an attacking partnership with striker Henrik Larsson. Voted best Slovak player of the decade (1990s), he was a member of the Czechoslovak World Cup squad in 1990. Who is he?
Answer: Lubomir Moravcik

All of the above mentioned players played for Celtic. Stanislav Varga - a former Slovak centre-back (played for Celtic in 2003-06), Stiliyan Petrov - a Bulgarian midfielder, and Rudi Vata - a former Albanian defender.
  From Quiz: Slovak Footballers

10 The Old Firm refers to a what?
Answer: Derby

It is a Glaswegian derby between arch-rivals Celtic and Glasgow Rangers. They say the noise during the game is so intense that it is almost impossible to communicate properly on the pitch.
  From Quiz: A Hodgepodge of Soccer

11 In 1996-97, Brazilian Ronaldo won it by scoring 34 goals for which team?
Answer: Barcelona


Ronaldo only played in Barcelona for one season, scoring 34 goals in 37 appearances.
Your options: [ Barcelona ] [ Inter Milan ] [ PSV Eindhoven ] [ Real Madrid ]
  From Quiz: The European Golden Boot
12 How did Denmark qualify for (and then go on to win) the 1992 European Championship final?
Answer: By being elevated to the top of their qualifying group because Yugoslavia was disqualified when war broke out

Denmark qualified because Yugoslavia were excluded due to the outbreak of war. Yugoslavia had finished top of their qualifying group, but when they were excluded, Denmark were elevated to group winners and then went on to win 2-0 against Germany in the final.
  From Quiz: Euro Football
13 What were 'The Golden Team' known as in Hungarian?
Answer: Aranycsapat

Literally, "aranycsapat" means gold troop, band, or group. The other three words listed mean gold star (aranycsillag), gold tap (aranycsap), and gold tile (aranycsempe).
  From Quiz: The Golden Team
14 Which British team became the first ever British team to win the European Cup?
Answer: Celtic

In 1967, Celtic FC of Glasgow, Scotland shook the football world with a spectacular 2-1 win. Inter Milan were looking to add to their 2 previous European Cup wins, and went into the game expecting an easy enough match. But Celtic showed that they were no push-overs and ended up becoming the first British team ever to live the European Cup.
Your options: [ Celtic ] [ Liverpool ] [ Man Utd ] [ Nottingham Forest ]
  From Quiz: European Football: Past Winners
15 Hungary had made it to the World Cup Final in 1938 and 1954, ending in defeat each time. What teams beat Hungary in those finals?
Answer: Italy and West Germany

The 1938 World Cup final ended with a score of 4:2, in favor of Italy, and the 1954 World Cup final ended with a score of 3:2, in favor of West Germany. During Hungary's prime(1938-1958), Brazil and Argentina never beat Hungary.
  From Quiz: History of Hungarian Soccer
16 For the first time in its international history, the Bulgarian national team reached the World Cup semi-finals, in USA 1994. Which one of the major football nations did Bulgaria surprisingly defeat in the quarter-final?
Answer: Germany

Played on 10th July 1994 in New York, Bulgaria won 2-1. Germany took the lead through a Matthaus penalty, before Stoichkov's 76th minute freekick levelled the score. Jordan Lechkov, the famous bald-headed playmaker, scored the winner with a marvellous header 3 minutes later
Your options: [ Germany ] [ Argentina ] [ France ] [ England ]
  From Quiz: Bulgarian Soccer
17 Who holds the proud feat of scoring the first ever goal in the English Premiership in August 1992?
Answer: Brian Deane

Brian Deane scored the first ever Premier League goal for Sheffield United against Manchester United. The first televised goal, on Sky Sports, was scored by Teddy Sheringham for Nottingham Forest against Liverpool.
  From Quiz: European Football Players & Clubs
18 Which colour does not appear in the Croatian gear(top, shorts and socks)?
Answer: Yellow

In nearly all matches, the Croatians play in a red-white checked top with blue shorts. However the blue shirt with red and white squares in the middle is also worn.
Your options: [ Red ] [ Yellow ] [ White ] [ Blue ]
  From Quiz: Croatian Soccer
19 Which Austrian club won the Austrian league in the 2001/02 season, but were relegated to the 3rd level because of financial difficulties?
Answer: FC Tirol

FC Tirol finished 1st on 75pts, Strum Graz finished in 2nd place on 65pts, Grazer AK finished in 3rd place with 63pts, and Austria Wien finished in 4th place on 53pts.
Your options: [ Austrian Wien ] [ Strum Graz ] [ FC Tirol ] [ Grazer AK ]
  From Quiz: European Football Knowledge
20 Which Finnish player was called "Zico" after the Brazilian player with the same name?
Answer: Ari Hjelm

Ari Hjelm is still one of the greatest Finnish players, and so he got the nickname "Zico".
Your options: [ Ari Hjelm ] [ Antti Muurinen ] [ Jari Litmanen ] [ Joonas Kolkka ]
  From Quiz: Finnish Football

21 Where do Galatasaray come from?
Answer: Turkey

Galatasaray are from Istanbul, with their fiercest rivals being Fenerbahce. They won the UEFA Cup in season 1999-2000. Star players who have played for the Turks include goalkeeper Taffarel, midfielder Hagi, midfielder Tugay and striker Hakan Suker.
  From Quiz: Guess The Country
22 What club has its team playing at the Santiago Bernabeu?
Answer: Real Madrid

Santiago Bernabeu is one of the largest stadiums in Europe.
  From Quiz: European Football Clubs
23 Who was the main goalkeeper in 2002 for Juventus?
Answer: Gianluigi Buffon

Chimenti was Buffon's substitute.
  From Quiz: Football in Europe
24 The Italian player Antonio Cassano played for Roma in season 2001-2002. Which was his previous club?
Answer: Bari

Roma, Juventus, Milan and Internazionale were all linked with a move for the 18-year-old, who was banned in September 2000 from talking to the press about his future by Bari president Vincenzo Mattarese. In February 2001, all seemed to become clear when Roma president Franco Sensi confirmed that he had signed the forward on a five-year deal. Cassano labelled the claim 'a lie', but Sensi stuck to his guns and reiterated his comments the following month.
  From Quiz: European Challenge III
25 Danish defender Rene Henriksen was playing for which European club in 2001-02?
Answer: Panathinaikos

Henriksen was named Footballer Of The Year 2000 in Denmark. He played in France 98 and Euro 2000. Panathinaikos signed him from AB in 1999.
Your options: [ Panathinaikos ] [ Udinese ] [ Galatasaray ] [ Celta ]
  From Quiz: European Challenge II
26 Who scored the winning goal in the 1966 final between Borussia Dortmund and Liverpool?
Answer: Libuda

The final took place in Hampden Park, Glasgow (att 41,000). After 90 minutes, the score was 1-1. After 109 minutes Libuda scored the winning goal for Borussia.
  From Quiz: Cup Winners Cup Finals
27 In which country does Anderlecht play?
Answer: Belgium

Anderlecht are Belgium's most successful club, and come from Brussels.
Your options: [ Denmark ] [ Switzerland ] [ Germany ] [ Belgium ]
  From Quiz: European 'A' Teams
28 Napoli celebrated their first-ever Serie A title in 1987 by releasing hundreds of what into the streets of Naples?
Answer: Donkeys
  From Quiz: European Challenge I
29 Austria: What is the complete name of the Austrian first division football club 'Admira _______ Moedling'?
Answer: Wacker

It's more commonly referred to as Admira Wacker.
  From Quiz: European Soccer Tour
30 Name either one of the two oldest footballing nations in the world (by that I mean possessing an international team).
Answer: England

Anyone who said Britain needs to be slapped :)
  From Quiz: European Football

31 SK Sturm Graz plays for what country?
Answer: Austria
  From Quiz: European Football Teams
32 How many Spanish teams were in the 2000 Champions League semi-finals?
Answer: 3

Real Madrid (winners), Valencia (runners-up) and Barcelona.
  From Quiz: European Football
33 Which team won the Champions League in 1999?
Answer: Manchester United

1999 was the second time United won the Cup, having also won it back in 1968.
Your options: [ Bayern Munich ] [ Barcelona ] [ Manchester United ] [ Ajax Amsterdam ]
  From Quiz: European Football
34 This Spanish club has employed legendary footballers such as Johann Cruyff and Lionel Messi, to mention just two. Which team is called the 'blaugrana'?
Answer: Barcelona

FC Barcelona, one of the most popular football teams in the world, is also known as the Blaugrana. This refers to their traditional blue and deep red striped jersey ... "blau" is Catalan for blue while "grana" is Catalan for deep red.

Barcelona's trophy case is loaded with an assortment of cups, ranging from the Spanish Liga to the Champions League. Lionel Messi is considered by many as the greatest of their players, and has spent a good portion of his illustrious career with the successful Catalans. Apart from Messi and Cruyff, Barcelona's legendary employees include Ronaldinho, Iniesta, David Villa and many more.
Your options: [ Madrid ] [ Levante ] [ Sevilla ] [ Barcelona ]
  From Quiz: Football Team Nicknames
35 The 'Rossoneri' of Serie A won their first domestic title in 1901 and their first European Cup in 1963. Their nickname emphasizes their colours, red and black. Which Italian team makes their opponent see red, especially their longtime rivals, Inter?
Answer: A.C. Milan

One of the most popular football clubs in the world, and certainly in Italy, A.C. Milan has a very rich history. They were founded in 1899 and have played in Serie A, the top flight of the Italian football leagues, for nearly all of that time. Their nickname, the 'Rossoneri', is based on the red and black home kits that they wear. They play their home games at the legendary San Siro Stadium. They have a vicious rivalry with their crosstown rivals, Inter Milan. These matches, the Derby della Madonnina, are very publicized and followed by many fans around the world.

Some notable A.C. Milan players over the years include Paolo Maldini, Ruud Gullit, Andriy Shevchenko, Frank Rijkaard, Alessandro Costacurta, Franco Baresi, Giovanni Trapattoni, Zvonimir Boban, Sebastiano Rossi, and many, many others.
Your options: [ Juventus F.C. ] [ A.S. Roma ] [ Torino F.C. ] [ A.C. Milan ]
  From Quiz: Seeing Red
36 European Cup - Which Spanish club did Inter beat in 1964 to win their first European Cup?
Answer: Real Madrid

Inter's first foray into the European Cup was in 1963-64, when they were able to negotiate a path all the way to the final, getting past clubs from England, France, Yugoslavia and West Germany before facing Spanish giants Real Madrid. The 1964 final was the ninth in the competition's history, and Real Madrid had played in six of the previous eight, winning the first five. In the final, played at the Praterstadion in Vienna on 27 May 1964, despite Real Madrid's pedigree, Inter ran out 3-1 winners to emulate their local rivals AC Milan, who had won the competition the previous year. Inter went on to retain the trophy the following season, in the process becoming the second side to win the European Cup in their own stadium.
Your options: [ Barcelona ] [ Real Madrid ] [ Atlético Madrid ] [ Valencia ]
  From Quiz: They've (Almost) Won The Lot!
37 European Cup - Which Spanish club did Bayern Munich beat to win their first European Cup?
Answer: Atlético Madrid

Bayern Munich's appearance in the 1974 European Cup final was their first in the competition. The club defeated opponents from Sweden, East Germany, Bulgaria and Hungary en route to the final against Spanish champions Atlético Madrid, who were also appearing in their first final. The game, which was played at the Heysel Stadium in Brussels on 15 May 1974, ended in a 1-1 draw. As a result, a replay was held two days later; this saw Bayern run out convincing winners 4-0. Bayern's victory was the first of three successive titles for the club in the European Cup, with English club Leeds United and French side Saint-Étienne beaten in 1975 and 1976 respectively.
Your options: [ Atlético Madrid ] [ Barcelona ] [ Real Madrid ] [ Athletic Bilbao ]
  From Quiz: They've Won The Lot!
38 The French title had a number of dominant clubs in the 20th century, such as Nantes, Saint Etienne and Marseille, but which club, managed by Gilbert Gress, won their only 20th century title in 1978-79?
Answer: RC Strasbourg

Racing Club Strasbourg had only two French Cups to their name when former player Gilbert Gress took over the reigns as manager in 1977. A third-place finish in 1977-78 was surpassed the following season, when the team from Alsace won their first-ever French title, finishing two points ahead of Nantes and Saint Etienne.
Nice, Bordeaux and Lille all won multiple titles in the 20th century.
Your options: [ Lille OSC ] [ Girondins Bordeaux ] [ OGC Nice ] [ RC Strasbourg ]
  From Quiz: One-Hit Wonders of the 20th Century
39 Anatoly Banishevsky was responsible for an astonishing feat on his debut for the Soviet Union in 1965. What was it that he famously did?
Answer: He scored with a header from 40 yards out

Voted as the UEFA Golden Player of Azerbaijan for the previous fifty years in 2003, Anatoly Banishevsky was a one-club player. He played for Neftchi Baku from 1963 until 1978. In terms of his international career, he went on to help the Soviet Union to reach the semi-finals of the 1966 World Cup in England and to second place in the 1972 European Nation's Cup in Belgium. He scored 19 goals in 50 appearances for the Soviet Union. FK Masalli in Azerbaijan re-named their stadium after Anatoly. He was a guiding light to Neftchi Baku, particularly when helping the team to third place in the Soviet top league in 1966.
  From Quiz: Eastern European Football Stories
40 Austria's national soccer team at home plays in which color kit?
Answer: red & white

Even though white shirt and black shorts used to be the traditional kit, the national team plays in red and white.
Your options: [ blue & white ] [ white & black ] [ red & white ] [ yellow & black ]
  From Quiz: Football in Austria

The 134th final of the FA Cup was played between Arsenal FC and Aston Villa FC. How many times previously had the two sides met in the final?
Answer: Never

Despite both clubs playing in a combined 28 finals between them, they never played against each other. The finals referred to in the other three alternate answers were:
1912 1-0 Barnsley v WBA
1930 2-0 Arsenal v Huddersfield Town
1946 4-1 Derby County v Charlton Athletic
1964 3-2 West Ham United beat Preston North End
1973 1-0 Sunderland v Leeds United
1988 1-0 Wimbledon v Liverpool.
  From Quiz: 2015 FA Cup Final Arsenal v Aston Villa
2 On 18th January 2005 (3rd Round): Liverpool's Djimi Traore scored a comical own goal to knock Liverpool out the FA Cup; against which team?
Answer: Burnley

Burnley! After defeating Liverpool at Turf Moor they went on to beat Bournemouth 2-0 (at Turf Moor) and drew Blackburn Rovers in the 5th round (again at home at Turf Moor). The two rival Lancashire teams drew 0-0 and the game had to be replayed. Blackburn Rovers won the replay at Ewood Park 2-1, ending Burnley's FA Cup campaign.
Your options: [ Cardiff City ] [ Bradford ] [ Barnsley ] [ Burnley ]
  From Quiz: FA Cup Giant Killers
3 Charlton Athletic played in the first two finals after the war, in 1946 and 1947. On both occasions, an event occurred which was unique in Cup Final history at that time. What was it?
Answer: The ball burst in both matches

The ball burst in both finals, an event which has not happened in any other final. The reason mostly attributed to this was the poor quality of materials available for manufacture of sports goods after the years of wartime hardship. It is unlikely that, even in the event of it happening today, it would cause any problem. In 1946 and 47, only one ball was available. Today, up to twenty balls can be used in a major match, all checked out beforehand. This is intended to prevent delays at restarts when the ball may be booted out of the ground by over-vigorous defenders.
Your options: [ Both matches finished goalless ] [ Both matches were played away from Wembley Stadium due to bomb damage caused during the Blitz ] [ The referee retired injured in both matches ] [ The ball burst in both matches ]
  From Quiz: FA Cup Finals : Post WWII

4 Which country did defender Mark Lawrenson play for during his international career?
Answer: Republic of Ireland

Mark Lawrenson had 73 games for home town club Preston North End (1974-77) before his transfer to Brighton & Hove Albion (1977-81). He left the Seagulls in 1981 and then had seven successful seasons with Liverpool. Although born in England, because of his ancestry, Mark chose to play for the Republic of Ireland where he gained 39 caps. He had one season at Barnet (88-89) before retiring from playing. He has since worked in the media.
Your options: [ Scotland ] [ England ] [ Northern Ireland ] [ Republic of Ireland ]
  From Quiz: FA Cup Final Team: 1985-86
5 Which team was the first to win the FA Cup at the Cardiff Millennium Stadium?
Answer: Liverpool

Liverpool beat Arsenal 2-1 in the 2001 final, courtesy of two Michael Owen goals within the last ten minutes.
Your options: [ Manchester United ] [ Arsenal ] [ Liverpool ] [ Bradford City ]
  From Quiz: FA Cup

6 What was unique about the 2001 FA Cup final?
Answer: It was the first to be played outside of England

The Millenium Stadium in Cardiff, Wales, hosted the match. The FA Cup Final had been played in England from 1872 to 2000 (and at Wembley Stadium from 1923 to 2000). Wembley was demolished after the May 2000 cup final.
  From Quiz: FA Cup Finals

7 In 1970, the FA Cup Final between Chelsea and Leeds United went to a replay for the first time in 58 years! The first game was at Wembley, but which stadium hosted the replay?
Answer: Old Trafford

After a 2-2 draw at Wembley, Chelsea beat Leeds 2-1 after extra time thanks to a headed goal by David Webb.
Your options: [ Wembley also ] [ Old Trafford ] [ Anfield ] [ Highbury ]
  From Quiz: 1970s FA Cup Finals

8 What was the name of the company who became the first sponsors of the FA cup?
Answer: Littlewoods

Littlewoods sponsored the FA Cup from 1994 to 1995 and from 1997 to 1998.
  From Quiz: The FAmous Cup

9 The first ever FA Cup competition was held in 1872. How many entrants were there?
Answer: 15

In comparison to this, in the 2005-06 season, over 600 football clubs took part.
  From Quiz: The FA Cup
10 What is the only Football League club to have played F.A.Cup ties in all four Home countries?
Answer: Nottingham Forest

This is a feat that is highly unlikely ever to be repeated. In 1885, Forest played Queens Park in a semi-final reply in Edinburgh. The game ending in a 3-0 win for the Scots. In 1889 they played at Linfield, Ireland in the first round, although officially the match was classed as a walk-over for Forest. And in 1922 they were beaten 4-1 at Cardiff in the third round of the competition.
  From Quiz: Strange World of FA Cup

11 The Cup final of 2003 was won by a single goal. Who scored?
Answer: Robert Pires


French star Robert Pires converted the only goal of the game at Cardiff giving Arsenal victory over Southampton. It was Arsenal's ninth success in the competition, and their second in succession.
  From Quiz: FA Cup Finals
12 In what year was the first F.A. Cup final?
Answer: 1872

It was won by Wanderers 1-0 vs. Royal Engineers, at Kennington Oval on 16th March 1872.
  From Quiz: History Of The FA Cup
13 Which club lost successive finals in the 1980s?
Answer: Everton

Everton lost against Manchester United in 1985, 1-0 after extra time, and again in 1986, this time losing to arch rivals Liverpool 3-1.
Your options: [ Everton ] [ Leeds United ] [ Tottenham Hotspur ] [ Nottingham Forest ]
  From Quiz: FA Cup Facts
14 1976 Southampton 1 Manchester United 0
Answer: Bobby Stokes
Your options: [ Peter Osgood ] [ Bobby Stokes ] [ Mick Channon ] [ Phil Boyer ]
  From Quiz: FA Cup Final Scorers
15 Who were the winners of the 1980 F.A Cup ?
Answer: West Ham United

The score was 1-0, Trevor Brooking scored the decisive goal.
  From Quiz: FA Cup: Winners And Losers
16 In the 2011 FA Cup campaign League One's Notts County played Manchester City away in the 4th Round. Which premiership side did they beat to get there?
Answer: Sunderland

Sunderland lost 1-2 at home! Notts County beat the Black Cats at the Stadium of Light, but lost 5-0 away to Manchester City (replay after 1-1 draw at home), who ended up beating Stoke City in the FA Cup Final at Wembley.
Your options: [ Stoke City ] [ Wigan Athletic ] [ Newcastle United ] [ Sunderland ]
  From Quiz: FA Cup Giant Killers
17 Who signed Irishman Jim Beglin from Liverpool in 1989?
Answer: Leeds United

Defender Jim Beglin had 64 appearances for Liverpool (1983-89) before his June 1989 transfer to Leeds United. After 19 games for Leeds, Jim had short loan spells at Plymouth Argyle and Blackburn Rovers. He gained 15 caps for the Republic of Ireland, the home of his first club Shamrock Rovers. Since his early retirement due to injury, Beglin has worked in the media as a soccer pundit.

  From Quiz: FA Cup Final Team: 1985-86
18 Which team lost in successive FA Cup finals in the 1990s?
Answer: Newcastle United

Newcastle United were beaten by double winning Arsenal in the 1998 final, and then in the following year by treble winning Manchester United.
Your options: [ Chelsea ] [ Everton ] [ Newcastle United ] [ Liverpool ]
  From Quiz: FA Cup
19 Who scored the only goal of the 2003 FA Cup Final?
Answer: Robert Pires

Arsenal beat Southampton 1-0. They were defending titleholders, having beaten Chelsea 2-0 in May 2002.
  From Quiz: FA Cup Finals
20 The final of 1971 also went into extra where all three goals were scored as Arsenal came from behind to beat Liverpool. The scorer of the Gunners equaliser is still debated to this day. Which two players both claimed the goal?
Answer: Eddie Kelly and George Graham

Sub Eddie Kelly is in the record books as the official scorer, however whether George Graham actually got the final touch is still an unanswered question to many.
Your options: [ Charlie George and George Graham ] [ Eddie Kelly and George Graham ] [ Eddie Kelly and Charlie George ] [ Ray Kennedy and Eddie Kelly ]
  From Quiz: 1970s FA Cup Finals

21 In 1972, the shock of the 3rd round was the exit of Newcastle United. Which non-league club dumped them out?
Answer: Hereford United

Hereford won 2-1 after extra time with Ricky George coming on as sub and scoring the winner. The game is best remembered with Ronny Radford scoring a 30-yard screamer.
Your options: [ Runcorn ] [ Yeovil Town ] [ Hereford United ] [ Kidderminster ]
  From Quiz: The FAmous Cup
22 Who won the FA Cup in 1898?
Answer: Nottingham Forest

Nottingham Forest won the competition for the first time in their soon to be illustrious history, beating Derby County by three goals to one.
  From Quiz: The FA Cup
23 Bob Thomson appeared in the 1915 FA Cup Final. What was unusual about that appearance.
Answer: He only had one eye

Bob played for Chelsea against Sheffield United in the Londoner's first Cup Final appearance. It turned out to be an unhappy baptism as they went down 3-0. New signing Vivian Woodward was supposed to play in Thomson's place for the final, but as Woodward hadn't played all season for Chelsea and Thomson was a regular, he stepped aside to allow Bob to play in the match. Now that is a gentleman!
Your options: [ He was the first player to score an own goal in a Cup Final ] [ He only had one eye ] [ He was the first player to score from the penalty spot in a Cup Final ] [ He was the first goalkeeper to wear gloves ]
  From Quiz: Strange World of FA Cup
24 1991 saw the infamous Gazza challenge, but which player scored a sensational free kick for the eventual losers that year?
Answer: Stuart Pearce

Pearce struck a venomous free kick into the roof of the goal for Nottingham Forest against Tottenham Hotspur. The London club, however, came out 2-1 winners and the game was remembered for an appalling challenge by Spurs midfielder Paul Gascoigne on Forest defender Gary Charles. Paul Stewart equalised the free kick before an own goal by Des Walker gave Tottenham their eighth success.
Your options: [ Steve Stone ] [ Gary Lineker ] [ Stuart Pearce ] [ David Howells ]
  From Quiz: FA Cup Finals
25 A non-English team won the F.A. Cup for the first time in what year?
Answer: 1927

It was Cardiff City who did the deed. They beat Arsenal 1-0 and took the trophy out of England, to Wales.
  From Quiz: History Of The FA Cup
26 Which FA Cup was sponsored for the first time?
Answer: 1995

After years of discussion and debate, the Football Association finally allowed the FA Cup to be commercially sponsored. In the 1994-95 season, the competition became known as the 'FA Cup sponsored by Littlewoods pools'.
Your options: [ 1995 ] [ 1994 ] [ 1993 ] [ 1992 ]
  From Quiz: FA Cup Facts
27 1977 Manchester United 2 Liverpool 1
Answer: Jimmy Case

Jimmy Greenhoff, Stuart Pearson (Man Utd), Jimmy Case (Liverpool)
Your options: [ Sammy Mcllroy ] [ Jimmy Case ] [ Kevin Keegan ] [ Lou Macari ]
  From Quiz: FA Cup Final Scorers
28 Who scored the opening goal in the 1987 F.A Cup final ?
Answer: Clive Allen

He scored after three minutes but went on to be on the losing side as Tottenham Hotspur crashed 3-2.
  From Quiz: FA Cup: Winners And Losers
29 On 3rd January 2010 a third round clash between Premiership side Manchester United and League One side Leeds United saw the Red Devils lose 0-1. Who was the only goal scorer?
Answer: Jermaine Beckford

Jermaine Beckford! Beckford was the only Englishmen in the list of four alternate answers. Beckford moved to the Premiership at the end of the 2009-10 season, whenhe signed fro Everton.
  From Quiz: FA Cup Giant Killers
30 Which club did Kevin Ratcliffe join after leaving Everton in 1991?
Answer: Dundee

Central defender Kevin Ratcliffe joined Everton as an apprentice in 1977 and made his debut in 1980. He went on to play 348 games for the team, many as club captain. His 1991 transfer to Dundee (4 games) was followed by short spells at Cardiff City, Nottingham Forest, and Derby County. In 1994, he was appointed player-manager of Chester City. He was made full-time manager of the club in 1995, a position he held until 1999. A very speedy defender, Kevin gained 59 caps playing for Wales where he later worked in the media.
Your options: [ Cardiff City ] [ Chester City ] [ Derby County ] [ Dundee ]
  From Quiz: FA Cup Final Team: 1985-86

31 Who was the first person to win the FA Cup as a player and then later on as a manager?
Answer: Stan Seymour

Seymour won the cup as a player with Newcastle United in 1924. He then later managed the Magpies to FA Cup success in 1951 and 1952. Bob Stokoe has also won the Cup as a player and then later on as a manager. However, he was after Seymour. He won it as a player with Newcastle Uniited in 1955. Ironically, he later won it as a manager with Newcastle's rivals Sunderland in 1973.
  From Quiz: FA Cup
32 Who scored the final goal of the match, in the 2006 FA Cup final, to send the match into extra time?
Answer: Steven Gerrard

Gerrard scored to tie the match at 3-3. No goals were scored in extra time. Liverpool beat West Ham United 3-1 on penalties.
  From Quiz: FA Cup Finals
33 Favourites Liverpool comfortably beat Sunderland in the 1992 Final. Among the Sunderland players in the starting line up was Paul Bracewell who set a new, unwanted, record after the game. What was his achievement?
Answer: The first player to play in four FA Cup Finals and not win any

Bracewell's record is somewhat of a quirk of fate as he had previously lost whilst with a superb Everton side in 1985, 1986 and 1989. Liverpool's win in 1992 rarely looked in danger as goals from Michael Thomas and Ian Rush, his fifth in FA Cup Finals (also a record), secured an easy 2-0 win.
  From Quiz: FA Cup Finals
34 1982 saw a David v Goliath clash with Tottenham Hotspur winning for the second year in a row, beating Queens Park Rangers, although only after a replay. Which Spurs player scored in both the original game and the replay?
Answer: Glenn Hoddle

The first game ended 1-1 with both goals coming in extra time. Hoddle put Spurs ahead only for Terry Fenwick to equalise. The replay was not a classic with Spurs winning 1-0 thanks to Hoddle's early penalty.
Your options: [ Glenn Hoddle ] [ Garth Crooks ] [ Steve Archibald ] [ Tony Galvin ]
  From Quiz: 1980s FA Cup Finals
35 In 1972, Leeds United won the Cup for the first time, beating Arsenal 1-0. Which anniversary did the final commemorate?
Answer: 100 years since the first FA Cup Final

The first winners in 1872 were The Wanderers who beat Royal Engineers 1-0 at Kennington Oval. The 100th Final wasn't played until 1981, the gap being down to the two World Wars of the 20th century.
Your options: [ The 100th FA Cup Final ] [ 100 years since the first FA Cup Final ] [ The 100th Final played at Wembley ] [ 100 Years since Arsenal first won the cup ]
  From Quiz: 1970s FA Cup Finals
36 Man Utd beat Arsenal in the 1999 FA Cup Semi Final after extra time, but who missed a 90-minute penalty to seal the tie?
Answer: Dennis Bergkamp

Peter Schmeichel saved the 90th minute penalty from Berkamp and Man Utd won 2-1 after extra time with a wonder goal winner from Ryan Giggs.
  From Quiz: The FAmous Cup
37 Tottenham Hotspur won the FA Cup in 1991. How many FA Cup final wins did this make for Spurs?
Answer: 8

Their first FA Cup final win came in 1901 where they initially drew 2-2 with Sheffield United. Tottenham secured victory in the replay, winning 3-1.
Your options: [ 8 ] [ 6 ] [ 7 ] [ 9 ]
  From Quiz: The FA Cup
38 During the 1971 and 1974 FA Cup Finals, Liverpool had two university graduates in their line-ups. Which two where they?
Answer: Steve Heighway & Brian Hall

Steve Heighway studied Economics whilst Brain Hall gained a Bachelor of Science from the University of Manchester. Heighway scored for Liverpool in both finals, Hall didn't.
Your options: [ Kevin Keegan & John Toshack ] [ Steve Heighway & Brian Hall ] [ Tommy Smith & Ian Callaghan ] [ Ray Clemence & Emlyn Hughes ]
  From Quiz: Strange World of FA Cup
39 Chelsea won the cup in 1997 with a goal inside the first minute of the game, making it the fastest Cup Final goal in history. Who scored?
Answer: Roberto Di Matteo

42 seconds is all it took for Di Matteo to cement his name in history. It had stood at 45 seconds with previous holder Jackie Milburn's goal in the 1955 cup final. Eddie Newton later added a second as Chelsea beat Middlesbrough 2-0.
  From Quiz: FA Cup Finals
40 Which university was the first to win the FA Cup?
Answer: Oxford University

They won the Cup in 1874, 2-0 v Royal Engineers.
Your options: [ Bath University ] [ Cambridge University ] [ Oxford University ] [ Hull University ]
  From Quiz: History Of The FA Cup
How many clubs based in London played in the first FA premier League season in 1992-93?
Answer: 6

The London based clubs were Queens Park Rangers, Tottenham Hotspur, Arsenal, Chelsea, Wimbledon and Crystal Palace.
  From Quiz: FA Premier League
3 Who is the gifted striker who scored 10 hat tricks plus one five goal effort during his illustrious Premiership career?
Answer: Alan Shearer

Starting 23 September 1993, Shearer scored 9 hat tricks for Blackburn Rovers, one hat trick for Newcastle United and saving the best for last, on 19 September 1999 he scored five goals for Newcastle United as they thrashed Sheffield Wednesday 8-0.

As we speak (2011/2012 season), this figure is yet to be topped with the closest candidate, Wayne Rooney, stuck on 5 hat tricks and one four goal effort.

Robbie Fowler "only" scored 7 hat tricks and 2 four goal efforts.
Fabulous French striker Thierry Henry scored 7 hat tricks and one four goal effort during his long career with Arsenal.
Ian Wright settled for a mere 5 hat tricks during his Arsenal tenure.
  From Quiz: When It Rains, It Pours... Goals

4 Who was the Premiership's top scorer in 1993/94, the season Manchester United won the league?
Answer: Andy Cole 34

Andy Cole of Newcastle Utd was the top scorer with 34 goals in 40 games. The following season he transferred to Manchester United.
  From Quiz: Premiership Golden Boot Winners: 1992-2010
5 Formerly Gold Coast, which African country is the birthplace of hard tackling defender or midfielder Michael Essien?
Answer: Ghana

Born (1982) in Accra, Ghana. Expensive signing Essien made his Chelsea debut in 2005, coming on as a second half substitute in a 1-0 victory over Arsenal.
Your options: [ Cameroon ] [ Nigeria ] [ Ghana ] [ Ivory Coast ]
  From Quiz: FA Premier League Players

6 Playing for a team situated in the north east of England, which player finished as top goal scorer in the 1999-2000 season?
Answer: Kevin Phillips

England international (8 caps) Phillips ended the season as top scorer playing for Sunderland with 30 goals. Alan Shearer was second with 23 goals scored for Newcastle United, Yorke and Cole finished third and fourth, respectively.
Your options: [ Alan Shearer ] [ Dwight Yorke ] [ Andy Cole ] [ Kevin Phillips ]
  From Quiz: FA Premier League History

7 Shay Given made his international football debut vs. Russia in 1996, for which country?
Answer: Republic of Ireland

Shay was born in Donegal in the Republic of Ireland. Clubs he played for include Celtic in the Scottish Premier League, and Newcastle United in the Premier League. He made his Irish debut on 27th March 1996 against Russia.
Your options: [ Wales ] [ Scotland ] [ Republic of Ireland ] [ Northern Ireland ]
  From Quiz: Premier League Goalkeepers International

8 What happens to the teams that finish in the bottom 3 of the Premier League table at the end of each season?
Answer: They are relegated

England has a complex set of football leagues, along with promotion and relegation. The teams that finish in the bottom three of the FA Premier League are relegated to the Football League Championship, the top two teams from the Championship are automatically promoted.

The teams that finished 3rd to 6th in the Championship compete in playoffs, and the winner is awarded the third promotion spot into the Premier League. The bottom 3 teams from the Championship are relegated to Football League One. Promotion is virtually the same from Football League One to the Championship, as the Championship to the Premiership. Football League One has 4 teams relegated to Football League Two, with the top 3 teams from League Two automatically promoted with positions 4th to 7th competing in playoffs and the winner is awarded the fourth promotion spot.

In England there is a set of 6 levels that each use a concept something like this. One of the main differences between the Premiership and the lower leagues, besides popularity, is that the Premiership generally has 20 teams competing. The lower leagues all have 24, with the exception of Conferences North and South with 22 teams.
  From Quiz: The English Premier League

9 Who won the first ever FA Premier League?
Answer: Manchester United

Man United won the first FA Premier League in the 1992-93 season, topping the table with 84 points, 10 more than runner-up Aston Villa.
  From Quiz: FA Premier League Firsts
10 Dmitri Kharine played in the Premier League, but which team did he play for?
Answer: Chelsea

Dmitri played 146 times for Chelsea and was replaced by Ed De Goey. He also appeared in the 1994 FA Cup Final where Chelsea lost 4-0 to Manchester United.
Your options: [ Arsenal ] [ Chelsea ] [ Tottenham ] [ Wigan ]
  From Quiz: Premiership Goalkeepers

11 Who won the Football Writer's Association Footballer of the Year in the Premiership's first season?
Answer: Chris Waddle


The first season of the Premiership also saw Ryan Giggs win the PFA Player's young player of the year award and Paul Mcgrath win the PFA Player's player of the Year.
  From Quiz: Memorable Premier League Moments
12 Gianfranco Zola joined Chelsea in November 1996 in a transfer from which Italian team?
Answer: Parma

Zola had played over 100 games for Napoli but played for Parma between 1993 and 1996. He was a hugely influential figure in the development of Chelsea FC, and was widely regarded as one of the best imported players to play in the English Premier league.
Your options: [ Parma ] [ Empoli ] [ Napoli ] [ Sampdoria ]
  From Quiz: Foreigners in the English Premiership
13 Who topped the league goal-scoring list in 1992-93, the first season of the new Premier League?
Answer: Teddy Sheringham

Teddy Sheringham topped this list with 21 goals in the league, but Ian Wright scored the most overall goals with 30 for Arsenal.
  From Quiz: The Premiership
14 Which team were the 2001-02 League Champions?
Answer: Arsenal

Manchester United won the title in the 2002-03 season.
Your options: [ Liverpool ] [ Manchester United ] [ Arsenal ] [ Newcastle United ]
  From Quiz: My Premiership
15 Who scored Manchester United's first ever Premiership goal?
Answer: Mark Hughes

Mark 'Sparky' Hughes got United's first Premiership goal, in a 2-1 defeat at Bramall Lane to Sheffield United on 15th August, 1992. United went on to win the League title this year with 84 points from 42 games.
  From Quiz: Debut Premiership Goals [1]
16 In Charlton Athletic's first Premiership game, they drew 0-0 with Newcastle United. Their next game was a little more different though, as they hammered Southampton 5-0. Who scored their first ever Premier League goal?
Answer: John Robinson

The Valley played host to Charlton's first Premiership game on 22nd August, 1998. Robinson opened the scoring in the 3rd minute and Neil Redfearn made it 2-0 just after the break. It then became the Clive Mendonca show, as he hit a 25 minute hat-trick. A penalty in the 65th minute followed by strikes in the 81st and 90th minutes.
  From Quiz: Debut Premiership Goals [2]
17 Which club is nicknamed the toffees?
Answer: Everton

Everton earned this nickname because of a shop that was close to the ground.
Your options: [ Derby County ] [ Middlesbrough ] [ Everton ] [ West Ham United ]
  From Quiz: English Premier League
18 Which unwelcome Premier League 'first' was achieved by Swindon Town during their only Premier League season in 1993-94?
Answer: They conceded 100 goals in their 42 league matches

Unfortunately, their defence was found wanting and they were beaten by five goals or more on no less than 6 occasions, including a 1-7 defeat at Newcastle United, a 2-6 defeat by Everton, and consecutive five goal defeats by Arsenal and Southampton.
Your options: [ They conceded 100 goals in their 42 league matches ] [ They had three players sent off in one match ] [ They failed to win a match before Christmas ] [ They lost their first ten matches of the season ]
  From Quiz: The Premier League - Without Manchester United
19 Who was Southampton's first manager in the Premier League?
Answer: Ian Branfoot

Branfoot was Southampton's manager from the inception of the Premier League in 1992 until 1994 when he was replaced by Ball, who in turn was replaced by Merrington. Gray was manager for just seven months in 2001.
  From Quiz: Premier League Managers
20 Who was the manager of Chelsea when they won their first FA Premier League title in season 2004-05?
Answer: Jose Mourinho

The self proclaimed "Special One" became manager of Chelsea on 2nd June 2004 after three successful seasons at Porto.
  From Quiz: FA Premier League

21 Who was the Premiership top goal scorer in 2001/02?
Answer: Thierry Henry 24

Thierry Henry was the top scorer with 24 goals in 33 games. Henry finished as the Premiership's top scorer in four different seasons.
  From Quiz: Premiership Golden Boot Winners: 1992-2010
22 Defender Pablo Zabaleta wears the famous light blue and white stripes of which South American country?
Answer: Argentina

Born (1985) in Buenos Airies, Argentina. Signed for Manchester City in Aug. 2008. Pablo was a member of the Argentina team that took the gold medal at the 2008 Beijing Olympics.
Your options: [ Peru ] [ Brazil ] [ Argentina ] [ Uruguay ]
  From Quiz: FA Premier League Players
23 Who was presented with the Manager of the Year Award in 2000-01 of the Premier League?
Answer: George Burley

Despite Ferguson's third successive Premier League title with Manchester United, it was George Burley who took the award for taking newly promoted and hot favourites for relegation, Ipswich Town, to fifth place in the league and a place in the following season's UEFA Cup.
  From Quiz: FA Premier League History
24 Brad Friedel made his international debut in 1992 for which country?
Answer: USA

Clubs that Brad played for include Liverpool, Blackburn Rovers and Aston Villa, all English Premier League teams. He made his international debut in 1992 and conceded only one goal in the 1998 World Cup in France.
Your options: [ England ] [ Sweden ] [ USA ] [ Canada ]
  From Quiz: Premier League Goalkeepers International
25 Who scored the first ever Premiership goal?
Answer: Brian Deane

Brian Deane scored after only 5 minutes against Man United in a 2-1 win for Sheffield United in August 1992.
  From Quiz: FA Premier League Firsts
26 Ludìk Miklosko was goalkeeper at which club in the second season of the Premier League, 1993-94?
Answer: West Ham United

Ludek played for the Hammers 374 times in his career, and was their goalkeeper in the first season of the Premier League. They were promoted to the Premier League at the end of the 1992-93 season.
Your options: [ Coventry City ] [ West Ham United ] [ Nottingham Forest ] [ Sheffield Wednesday ]
  From Quiz: Premiership Goalkeepers
27 What is the name of the fan that Eric Cantona famously assaulted with a flying scissor kick in January 1995, at Crystal Palace?
Answer: Matthew Simmons

Following the incident, Cantona was banned for eight months, fined and sentenced to 120 hours of community service.
  From Quiz: Memorable Premier League Moments
28 Three of the four foreign internationals listed who have played for Middlesbrough FC and have the letter Z in their Christian names (first names). Which one is 'Z-less'?
Answer: Boksic

Yes, it was plain old Alen Boksic with no hint of a Z for the Croatian striker. The "White Feather", Fabrizio Ravanelli, stayed for one season and hammered in 31 goals in the process. Spanish international Gaizka Mendietta signed on loan from Barcelona, and subsequently made the move permanent. Szilard Nemeth is a Slovakian international striker.
Your options: [ Boksic ] [ Mendieta ] [ Ravenelli ] [ Nemeth ]
  From Quiz: Foreigners in the English Premiership
29 Which three unfortunate teams were relegated from the Premier League at the end of the 1993-94 season?
Answer: Oldham Athletic, Sheffield United and Swindon Town

Oldham had just scraped relagation the previous season, Sheffield United fell dramatically after their mid table finish in 1992-93, and Swindon went straight back down again after gaining promotion from the First Division in 1992-93.
Your options: [ Manchester City, Norwich City and Ipswich Town ] [ Sheffield United, Ipswich Townand Oldham Athletic ] [ Oldham Athletic, Sheffield United and Swindon Town ] [ Ipswich Town, Swindon Town and Queens Park Rangers ]
  From Quiz: The Premiership
30 Which Arsenal footballer was the second highest goal scorer in the 2002-03 season?
Answer: Thierry Henry

Ruud van Nistlerooy (Manchester United) came first!
Your options: [ Ashley Cole ] [ Dennis Bergkamp ] [ Thierry Henry ] [ Martin Keown ]
  From Quiz: My Premiership

31 In Sunderland's Premiership debut, they drew 0-0 at home to Leicester City. They did, however, register a 4-1 win away to Nottingham Forest four days later. Who scored their debut Premiership goal?
Answer: Michael Gray

The game took place at the County Ground on 21st August, 1996. Michael Gray opened the scoring in the 8th minute, then Niall Quinn doubled the lead 9 minutes later. Alf-Inge Haaland pulled one back for Forest in the 27th minute before Quinn bagged his second of the game (31), and Richard Ord wrapped up the game two minutes before half-time.
  From Quiz: Debut Premiership Goals [1]
32 Swindon Town first appeared in the Premier League in the 1993-94 season, and faced Sheffield United in the opening fixture. Which player scored Swindon's first ever goal in that League?
Answer: John Moncur

Swindon went down 3-1 to Sheffield United on that day. Carl Bradshaw gave the home team a 1-0 lead at half-time. The other Sheffield United's goals came from Willie Falconer and Paul Rogers. Swindon would be relegated at the end of that season finishing 10 points adrift at the bottom of the League.
Your options: [ Martin Ling ] [ Craig Maskell ] [ Andy Mutch ] [ John Moncur ]
  From Quiz: Debut Premiership Goals [4]
33 Middlesbrough took on Coventry City at Highfield Road in their first ever Premiership game. Who scored Boro's first goal?
Answer: Paul Wilkinson

Middlesbrough lost the game on 15th August, 1992, 2-1. John Williams put Coventry in the lead in the 9th minute, and David Smith doubled the lead in the 51st. Wilkinson scored a consolation goal in the 63rd minute in front of 12,681 fans.
  From Quiz: Debut Premiership Goals [3]
34 Leicester City faced Newcastle United in their opening game of the 1994-95 season. Who scored their first goal in the top flight?
Answer: Julian Joachim

A crowd of 20,048 saw Leicester go down 3-1 to Newcastle at Filbert Street on 21st August, 1994. Joachim scored the only Foxes goal, while Peter Beardsley, Andy Cole and Robbie Elliott scored for Newcastle.
  From Quiz: Debut Premiership Goals [2]
35 It's 13 May 2012. We are at the Etihad Stadium. The opponents are Queens Park Rangers. The time on the game clock is 93.20. What happened at that moment?
Answer: Manchester City score the winning goal

93 minutes and 20 seconds is the match time when Manchester City scored their epic winning goal, to achieve their first league title since 1968. The time of the goal is iconic to City fans and for the 2022-23 season, the time was printed into City's shirts.

Joey Barton was, indeed, sent off during the game but that occurred in the 55th minute. He disputed the red card decision and the length of time it took to remove him from the field of play contributed to the 6 minutes of added time which allowed City to come back from being 1-2 down after 90 minutes normal time to score twice in added time to win the match, and the Premier League title.

Mario Ballotelli wore his controversial tee shirt in different match. It was Ballotelli who passed the ball to Sergio Aguero to strike the winning goal, the only official "assist" that Ballotelli was credited with in his time at City. If you're only going to have one assist, you might as well make it an important one.

Pep Guardiola was not manager of City at that time. In 2012 that position was held by Roberto Mancini.
  From Quiz: The Premier League - Without Manchester United
36 Against which team did Steve Bruce score two late headed goals to help Manchester United win the Premier League title in the 1992-93 season?
Answer: Sheffield Wednesday

Manchester United were aiming to win their first league title since 1967. With six games to go they were in second place. Trailing 1-0 at home to Sheffield Wednesday, Steve Bruce scored two very late goals and United won the game 2-1. The result put them into first place in the league, where they stayed for the remainder of the season.

Steve Bruce played under Sir Alex at Manchester United from 1987-1996, captaining the team in his final two seasons. He faced Sir Alex as a manager with three different clubs. His record against his old boss was as follows:

Birmingham City: P 9 W 0 D 2 L 7
Wigan Athletic: P 4 W 0 D 0 L 4
Sunderland: P 5 W 0 D 2 L 3
Your options: [ Aston Villa ] [ Norwich City ] [ Blackburn Rovers ] [ Sheffield Wednesday ]
  From Quiz: I Used To Play For Sir Alex Ferguson
37 Who was the first Swiss manager in the Premier League?
Answer: Christian Gross

Gross lasted just nine months at Tottenham in 1997-98, winning only 10 of 30 games. Geiger won 112 caps for Switzerland and has managed a variety of teams but wasn't the first Swiss manager in the Premier League. Kuhn was a skillful midfielder in his playing days and has managed FC Zurich as well as the Swiss national side. Storace is the vocalist for Swiss rock band Krokus.
  From Quiz: Premier League Managers
38 On 29th May 2013, the highest-scoring draw in the FA Premier League occurred. The game finished 5-5. Who were the two teams involved?
Answer: West Bromwich Albion v Manchester United

Manchester United were leading 5-2 with 10 minutes to go, when West Bromwich Albion scored 3 times in 6 minutes to complete a remarkable comeback. This game was Alex Ferguson's last as manager of Manchester United (he was manager for 26 seasons).
  From Quiz: FA Premier League
39 Who was the Premiership's top goalscorer in 2006/07, the year Manchester United claimed the title back after Chelsea had won the previous two titles?
Answer: Didier Drogba 20

Didier Drogba was the top scorer with 20 goals in 36 games as Chelsea finished runner-up behind Manchester United.
  From Quiz: Premiership Golden Boot Winners: 1992-2010
40 Tall midfielder or striker Marouane Fellaini originates from which European country, also the birthplace of the great cycling legend Eddy Merckx?
Answer: Belgium

Born (1987) in Etterbeek, Belgium. Fellaini made his Premier League debut for Everton following his September 2008 transfer from Standard Leige.
Your options: [ Switzerland ] [ France ] [ Belgium ] [ Italy ]
In which year did Manchester City move from their old ground of Maine Road to the City of Manchester Stadium?
Answer: 2003

The City of Manchester Stadium, also known as the Etihad, became Manchester City's new home in 2003. It is part of the SportCity complex, and was originally built for the Commonwealth Games in 2002. The first match to be played there was a friendly between City and Barcelona, which City won. Maine Road was demolished in 2003, and a housing complex was built on the site.
Your options: [ 2002 ] [ 2003 ] [ 2004 ] [ 2005 ]
  From Quiz: Blue Moon Rising
2 In what year were Manchester City established?
Answer: 1887

The club was formed in 1880 as West Gorton St Marks, it went on to become Ardwick in 1887 and moved to Hyde Road before becoming Manchester City FC in 1894.
  From Quiz: Manchester City FC
3 In what year were the club formed?
Answer: 1887

The club was formed as Ardwick FC in 1887, and changed their name to Manchester City in 1894.
  From Quiz: Manchester City FC History

4 Manchester City fans were devastated in 2003 when one of their players collapsed and died on the pitch in an international match, aged just 33. Which player was this?
Answer: Marc-Vivien Foe

Marc-Vivien Foé was a Cameroonian international who was one of Kevin Keegan's signings for the 2002-03 season, on loan from Lyon. He was the last Manchester City player to score at Maine Road before the move. While playing for Cameroon against Colombia in the Confederations Cup, he collapsed on the pitch. He was stretchered off and medics attempted to restart his heart, but to no avail. His death was revealed to have been caused by hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, a heart condition triggered by exercise. As a tribute to Foé, Keegan requested that the Number 23 shirt be retired. A plaque in his memory was erected at the City of Manchester Stadium.
Your options: [ Eyal Berkovic ] [ Marc-Vivien Foe ] [ Djamel Belmadi ] [ Lucien Mettomo ]
  From Quiz: Blue Moon Rising
5 For the first seven years (since establishment) Manchester City weren't known as Manchester City. What were they known as?
Answer: Ardwick FC

Man City were known as Ardwick FC in 1887 when they first became a professional club they had previously been called West Gorton St Marks but were yet to turn professional.
  From Quiz: Manchester City FC

6 Where did the club first play their home games?
Answer: Pin Bank Lane

The club played at Pin Bank Lane until 1897, followed by Hyde Road between 1897-1923, and then Maine Road. City were scheduled to move into the Commonwealth Stadium in 2003.
  From Quiz: Manchester City FC History

7 Which former Manchester United player succeeded Sven-Goran Eriksson as Manchester City manager in June 2008?
Answer: Mark Hughes

Mark Hughes left Blackburn Rovers to take up the role of Manchester City manager, with a massive new transfer kitty at his disposal. Signings during his tenure included Gareth Barry from Aston Villa, Joleon Lescott from Everton, Emmanuel Adebayor and Kolo Touré (whose brother Yaya joined him a season later) from Arsenal, and Carlos Tevez from Manchester United. However, a string of poor results at the beginning of 2009-2010 season saw Hughes leave the club before the League Cup semi final with Manchester United. He was replaced by Roberto Mancini.
Your options: [ Gary Neville ] [ Mark Hughes ] [ Ryan Giggs ] [ Steve Bruce ]
  From Quiz: Blue Moon Rising

8 Who was the club's first manager in their history?
Answer: Lawrence Furniss

Furniss was manager between 1889-1893, when Parlby took the hot seat until 1895. Omerod was next (1895-1902), followed by Maley between 1902-06. City have had some high profile managers over the 20th century, including Joe Mercer, Malcolm Allison, Howard Kendall and Peter Reid.
  From Quiz: Manchester City FC History

9 In September 2008, Manchester City underwent a takeover which would eventually lead to them becoming one of the country's biggest clubs. Which tycoon bought the club from Thaksin Shinawatra?
Answer: Sheikh Mansour

Sheikh Mansour owned the Abu Dhabi Group, who purchased Manchester City. The club became one of the subsidiaries of the holdinf company City Football Group, which also owned clubs in Spain, the USA, Australia and Japan. Mansour appointed Khaldoon Al Mubarak as club chairman. City received much criticism over the ethics of this decision, with some journalists pointing out the human rights issues in the United Arab Emirates, where Mansour was deputy Prime Minister.
Your options: [ Delphon Chansiri ] [ Sheikh Mansour ] [ Mike Ashley ] [ Farhad Moshiri ]
  From Quiz: Blue Moon Rising

10 In the 2010-11 season, Manchester City won the FA Cup 1-0, with Yaya Toure scoring the only goal in the second half. Who were their opponents?
Answer: Stoke City

On their way to the final, Manchester City - under Roberto Mancini - beat Leicester, Notts County, Reading and Manchester United. Yaya Touré scored the winning goal in the 74th minute, and Mario Balotelli was man of the match.
  From Quiz: Blue Moon Rising

11 Who did City beat to set a record for their biggest League victory in 1987?
Answer: Huddersfield Town

The game finished 10-1 to City on 7th November, 1987 in a Division Two game. Three players each got hat-tricks in this game, being David White, Paul Stewart and Tony Adcock.
  From Quiz: Manchester City FC History
12 What were the names of the two Brightwell brothers that have previously played for Man City?
Answer: David and Ian

Ian Brightwell made 356 competitive first team appearances for Man City whereas David Brightwell only made 45. Both of them came through the Man City Youth Squad and both were defenders. Ian is the older of the two by three years.
  From Quiz: Manchester City FC
13 In which season did the club first enter the Football League?
Answer: 1892-93

Ardwick, as they were then known, finished 5th in Division Two out of 12 teams with 21 points from 22 games.
Your options: [ 1892-93 ] [ 1897-98 ] [ 1889-90 ] [ 1904-05 ]
  From Quiz: Manchester City FC History
14 Manuel Pellegrini, the first Chilean manager to manage a Premiership team, replaced Roberto Mancini in the summer of 2013. How many honours did Manchester City win under him?
Answer: 3

Specifically, it was three honours: under Manuel Pellegrini, Manchester City won the League Cup in 2014 and 2016, and the title in 2014. He was the first coach from outside Europe to win a Premier League title. Under Pellegrini in the 2013-14 season, City scored 115 goals in total, beating Chelsea's previous record of 103. They also beat Stoke City in the 2014 League Cup final, and beat Liverpool on penalties in the same competition two months later. Pellegrini had been criticised by fans for playing Willy Caballero in goal instead of Joe Hart, but Caballero became a penalty hero when he saved Emre Can, Lucas Leiva and Philippe Coutinho's penalties.
  From Quiz: Blue Moon Rising
15 How many times in the 20th century did City win England's top flight title?
Answer: 2

Their first title came in the 1936-37 season when they beat Charlton Athletic into second place, and the other was in the 1967-68 season, when arch-rivals Manchester United finished two points behind.
  From Quiz: Manchester City FC History
16 Which Belgian midfielder did Manchester City sign from VFL Wolfsburg at the beginning of the 2015-16 season?
Answer: Kevin De Bruyne

Kevin De Bruyne signed for Manchester City in August 2015. Previously, he had played for Chelsea under André Villas-Boas. He received much praise from various parties for being an integral part of the team and a versatile player, playing as a winger or striker as well as a central or attacking midfielder. He also played an important role in the Belgian squad in the 2018 World Cup, assisting Romelu Lukaku against Panama and scoring the winning goal against Brazil in the quarter-final.
Your options: [ Youri Tielemans ] [ Kevin De Bruyne ] [ Adnan Januzaj ] [ Mousa Dembele ]
  From Quiz: Blue Moon Rising
17 In 2018, Amazon Prime released a documentary about Manchester City's title-winning 2017-18 season. What was it called?
Answer: All or Nothing: Manchester City

The documentary is part of the 'All or Nothing' documentary series exclusive to Prime, many of which cover American football teams. Manager Pep Guardiola was the undisputed star of the show, and the documentary gave an insight into his tactics and relationship with the team and coaches. It also showed interviews with the players and club staff, footage of players receiving treatment, and scenes from the matches leading up to City's title win that season.
  From Quiz: Blue Moon Rising
18 In which year did City win the FA Cup for the first time?
Answer: 1904

City went on to win the cup 3 more times in the 20th century, with victories in 1934, 1956, and 1969. They were also on the losing side in a final four times in 1926, 1933, 1955, and 1981.
Your options: [ 1904 ] [ 1900 ] [ 1906 ] [ 1912 ]
  From Quiz: Manchester City FC History

Sir Alex was appointed manager of Manchester United in 1986 after his predecessor was fired. Who was this predecessor.
Answer: Ron Atkinson

Ron Atkinson spent five years at Manchester United from 1981-1986. Despite two FA Cup wins and some respectable finishes in the league, a poor start to the 1986-87 season saw him fired.

Sir Alex was notable in the early 1980s for breaking the dominance of Rangers and Celtic in the Scottish league while managing Aberdeen. During his eight years with Aberdeen, he led the club to the Scottish league championship three times and finished runners-up twice. They also won the Scottish cup four times and in 1983 they beat the mighty Real Madrid to claim the European Cup Winners' Cup.
Your options: [ Ron Atkinson ] [ Tommy Doherty ] [ Dave Sexton ] [ Howard Kendall ]
  From Quiz: Manchester United - The Fergie Years
2 Who did Manchester United beat in the quarter final, to win the Champions League in 1999?
Answer: Inter Milan

Manchester United qualified from the group stage to play Inter Milan in the Quarter Final. Manchester won the first leg 2-0 at Old Trafford and drew 1-1 in Milan.
  From Quiz: Manchester United
3 Between the 2008-09 and 2011-12 seasons he averaged one hat-trick per season as a Manchester United player; but three of his four hat-tricks were scored in one season. Who was this player?
Answer: Dimitar Berbatov

In the 2010-11 season, Berbatov scored three hat-tricks - against Liverpool, Blackburn Rovers and Birmingham City. He became the first non-English player to score five goals in a single match when he scored five goals against Blackburn Rovers.
  From Quiz: Manchester United Hat-tricks

4 In the 2009-10 Premier League season, Manchester United finished second on the league table. Who finished first?
Answer: Chelsea

2009-10 was the 18th Premier League season (formed 1992-92). Only four teams had ever won it during those 18 seasons: Blackburn Rovers (1994-95). Arsenal (1997-98, 2001-02 and 2003-04) and Chelsea (2004-05, 2005-06 and 2009-10); the other 11 titles were won by Manchester United.
  From Quiz: Manchester United
5 Which Utd player retired with a career total of 129 caps?
Answer: Peter Schmeichel

Schmeichel finally retired in 2003 after gaining 129 caps for Denmark and scoring 1 goal.
Your options: [ Eric Cantona ] [ Bobby Charlton ] [ Peter Schmeichel ] [ Bryan Robson ]
  From Quiz: Ultimate Man United Miscellany

6 Which Manchester Utd player was bailed until February 2008 after being arrested for an alleged rape at a Manchester Hotel in December 2007?
Answer: Jonny Evans

He was loaned to Sunderland on the 4th of January 2008 for the second time in his career.
Your options: [ Paul Scholes ] [ Rio Ferdinand ] [ Jonny Evans ] [ Ryan Giggs ]
  From Quiz: Manchester United Players

7 Sir Alex Ferguson's first club signing was Viv Anderson. Which club was be brought from?
Answer: Arsenal

Viv Anderson was the first black player to play for England.
Your options: [ Arsenal ] [ Tottenham Hotspur ] [ Nottingham Forest ] [ Aston Villa ]
  From Quiz: Players Signed by Manchester United

8 When was Manchester United F.C. founded?
Answer: 1878

The club was formed as Newton Heath L&YR (Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway) Football Club in 1878. Their shirts were green and gold. When the team entered the Football League in 1892 they dropped the "L&YR" and became Newton Heath FC. In 1902 J.H Davis (the manager of Manchester Breweries) saved the club from bankruptcy. The board decided that the team needed to change their name in order to start fresh, and on 26th April 1902 the club changed its name to manchester United FC. They also changed their team colours later that year to red jersey, white shorts and black socks.
  From Quiz: Manchester United F.C.

9 With 10 out of the 11 'Busby Babes' Englishmen, and seven of them already honoured at full international level for England by the time of the Munich disaster, who were the three who remained uncapped?
Answer: Colman, Jones, and Viollet

By 1958, Byrne, Edwards and Taylor were established England regulars, with Byrne on a run of 33 consecutive caps, and with England one of the favourites to do well in the World Cup Finals in Sweden that summer, it was virtually certain that Colman, Jones, and Viollet, all three of whom were on the threshold of full international recognition, would have featured in the national squad.
While Jones had long since established himself as a fearless centre-half, particularly commanding in the air, Colman's boundless energy, ball-winning tackles and creative passing had already attracted the attention of the selectors. And, with Viollet's strike partnership with Tommy Taylor yielding so many goals, it was only a matter of time before these two would play together at international level.

With Johnny Berry, the only member of the side who was not strictly a 'Babe', as at the age of 25, he was already an established professional when signed by Busby, already capped four times, and Wood, Foulkes and Pegg once each, the Munich crash not only robbed England of stars like Byrne, Edwards and Taylor, but also of the services of a probable four or five others.
  From Quiz: Manchester United - 'The Busby Babes' #2

10 Which player, who could rightfully be described as 'The First Busby Babe', started his United career at full back, briefly became a winger, before reverting to full back?
Answer: Roger Byrne

Having made his debut in November 1951 against Liverpool at Anfield at left-back, Roger Byrne played the final six games of the season on the left wing, scoring seven goals in a run of four wins and two draws in which the side scored 22 goals that clinched the 1951-52 League Championship, United's first since 1911.

He preferred playing at left-back, where his speed and ability to read the game made him one of the first overlapping full-backs in the game. A natural leader, he became captain early in 1954 and went on to lead the most exciting young team ever seen in Britain to two consecutive League titles and into Europe as England's first representatives in the European Cup.
Winning 33 consecutive caps for England up to his untimely death at Munich - incredibly he was 'not considered good enough to play for the station football team' during his National Service in the RAF! But to anyone who ever saw him play, for either club or country, Roger Byrne was one of the most outstanding defenders in the history of the game.

Sadly, Geoff Bent, who would not normally have been with the team, travelled to Belgrade as last-minute cover for Byrne, who had picked up a slight injury against Arsenal, and died with him at Munich on 6th February, 1958.
Your options: [ Roger Byrne ] [ Geoff Bent ] [ Bill Foulkes ] [ Ian Greaves ]
  From Quiz: Manchester United - 'The Busby Babes' #1

11 Who lost to Manchester United in the 1991 Final of the now defunct Cup-Winners Cup?
Answer: Barcelona


United won the game 2-1, thanks to a brace from Mark Hughes. Ronald Koeman scored Barcelona's only goal.
  From Quiz: Manchester United's Red Devils
12 At which stadium do Manchester United play their home games?
Answer: Old Trafford

The other stadiums are the homes of Manchester Utd's great rivals
Liverpool: Anfield
Manchester City: City of Manchester Stadium
Newcastle United: St James Park.
Your options: [ St James Park ] [ Anfield ] [ Old Trafford ] [ City of Manchester Stadium ]
  From Quiz: Manchester United
13 What was the score against Southampton at Old Trafford on the 22 December 2001?
Answer: 6-1

Van the man scored a brilliant hat-trick in this game!
  From Quiz: Manchester United Mania
14 Where was Ryan Giggs born?
Answer: Cardiff

Ryan had the choice of playing for either England or Wales, but he opted for Wales. Sven Goran Erikson has been quoted as saying, "I wish we had Ryan Giggs".
  From Quiz: For True Fans of Manchester United
15 1962: Who made his debut on August 18th at the age of 22, and would go on to miss a European Cup final through injury?
Answer: Denis Law

Law was signed from Torino in Italy, and marked his debut with a goal in a 2-2 draw against West Bromwich Albion. 'The King' scored an incredible 171 goals in 309 appearances for the club.
  From Quiz: Manchester United 1962-1971
16 1952: United won the league title for the 3rd time. How many years had it been since the last championship?
Answer: 41

Also this year, Duncan Edwards and Eddie Colman, two of the eight players that were to perish in 1958, signed for the club from schoolboy football.
  From Quiz: Manchester United 1952-1961
17 1932: what position did United finish in the second division?
Answer: 12th

United's record that year was: played 42, won 17, drawn 8, lost 17, and 42 points.
  From Quiz: Manchester United 1932-1941
18 1912: Something relatively unknown happened at Manchester United in this year for the first time, but what was that strange thing?
Answer: United signed a player from Liverpool

In August 1912, half-back Tom Chorlton signed on a free transfer from, Liverpool, who have become in recent times, United's bitter rivals. The only other times this has happened was in 1929 when forward Tommy Reid joined the club, and 1938, when half-backs Ted Savage and Allenby Chilton signed on for free. Also in this year, Ernest Mangnall resigned and J.J.Bentley took over as secretary.
  From Quiz: Manchester United 1912-1921
19 1902: What division were Manchester United playing in this season?
Answer: 2nd Division

When Newton Heath became Manchester United the club was languishing in the 2nd Division. It would be another three years before the club gained promotion to the 1st division.
  From Quiz: Manchester United 1902-1911
20 1964-65: United played Arsenal at Old Trafford. If United won this game they would win the championship with a game in hand. What was the final scoreline?
Answer: Manchester United 3 -1 Arsenal

United won the game 3-1 and with it became the first United squad to win the league championship since the Busby Babes' success in 1957-58.
The scorers were Denis Law with 2 and George Best. George Eastham scored Arsenal's consolation.
  From Quiz: United's Crucial League Games

21 During the 1991 European Cup winner's cup success, United played one team from the English league during the campaign. Who were they?
Answer: Wrexham

Manchester United went on to win the two-legged tie 5-0. Clayton Blackmore was the only Welsh player to play in the away leg for United but Mark Hughes also played in the home leg for United.
  From Quiz: The Devil's Advocate
22 What is the name of the trialist defender who made a couple of appearances for United in the 1995-96 season, including the 4-1 defeat on New Year's day to Tottenham Hotspur?
Answer: William Prunier

Prunier was a trialist brought in that season. He produced an awful display in the Tottenham game and was unsurprisingly not taken on!
  From Quiz: Red Devils of Old Trafford
23 What is Mark Hughes' nickname?
Answer: Sparky

As of March 2002, Hughes plays for Premiership Blackburn Rovers and is the Manager of the Welsh national team.
  From Quiz: Manchester United Player Nicknames
24 United won their first honour of the 1960s, and their first since Munich when they beat Leceister City 3-1 in the 1963 F.A. Cup Final. Who captained the Reds?
Answer: Noel Cantwell

Cantwell, who joined United from West Ham in November 1960, left the club to manage Coventry City. At one stage, he was tipped as a possible successor to Matt Busby.
  From Quiz: Manchester United in the 1960s
25 Where did United sign Ruud Van Nistelrooy from?
Answer: PSV Eindhoven

Van Nistelrooy was signed for 19 million in April 2001.
  From Quiz: Where Did They Sign From?
26 Which club was Jesper Blomqvist signed from?
Answer: Parma

Blomqvist was signed in July 1998 as cover for Ryan Giggs. In 3 seasons at United he only scored 1 goal in 38 appearanes due to persistent injury.
Your options: [ IFK Gothenburg ] [ Parma ] [ Lecce ] [ Malmo ]
  From Quiz: For Man United Fans Only!
27 In the 1994 FA Cup Semi-Final replay against Oldham Athletic which Manchester United won 4-1, who scored United's first goal?
Answer: Denis Irwin

Former Oldham player Irwin struck early in the match to put his old team on the back foot.
Your options: [ Andrei Kanchelskis ] [ Bryan Robson ] [ Denis Irwin ] [ Ryan Giggs ]
  From Quiz: Man United FA Cup Runs
28 Who scored Man Utd's first goal in the 1968 European Cup Final?
Answer: Bobby Charlton

Bobby scored with his head, very rare! For all you Red Devils, here's a match report. It took 12 years for Matt Busby to realise a dream which started in Anderlecht in 1956. He had seen his team emerge unsuccessfully from 3 European Cup semi final matches, and had endured the tragic loss of one of the finest football teams ever produced by an English club. After an uninspiring goal-less 1st half, United finally took the lead in the 2nd half with a goal produced with the combined efforts of Sadler, Dunne and Charlton, after receiving a cross from Sadler, Charlton headed the ball past Henrique and into the net. With just 10 minutes left before full time Benfica managed to equalize with a goal by Graca. All was almost lost when Eusebio broke away from Stiles and and targetted the goal with a shot which was fortunately blocked by Stepney. Two minutes into extra time saw United gain the lead again with a fantastic goal by George Best, another minute and another goal this time headed in by Brian Kidd, this goal was probably his best 19th Birthday present. The 8th minute of extra time saw United hammer home a 4-1 win with a goal from Charlton. This game was probably one of the most emotional nights of British Football and no doubt the survivors of the Munich disaster were thinking of those who were denied the chance to revel in such a glorious victory.
  From Quiz: True Man Utd Fans
29 Against whom did Andy Cole score his first league goal at Old Trafford?
Answer: Manchester United

He scored for Newcastle United, against Man Utd, in a 1-1 draw.
  From Quiz: Man Utd: Past and Present
30 In what year did Manchester United first win the European Cup?
Answer: 1968
  From Quiz: Manchester United

31 When did Manchester United first win the F.A. Cup?
Answer: 1909
  From Quiz: For Man Utd Fans
32 Which player, who had previously played under Sir Alex Ferguson at Aberdeen, was reunited with his old manager at Manchester United? The pair had a long running feud.
Answer: Gordon Strachan

Gordon Strachan played for Aberdeen from 1977-1984, before joining Manchester United, despite having signed a pre-contract agreement with German side FC Cologne. Strachan had arguably been Aberdeen's best player under Ferguson, but Fergie had apparently claimed that Strachan's form had been negatively affected by the move to Manchester where he was no longer the star. As a result, United were happy to move Strachan on in 1989. Sheffield Wednesday, now being led by Ron Atkinson, had a bid accepted by United, but Strachan instead moved to Leeds United. Strachan and Ferguson had a long running feud that saw Fergie claim in his autobiography that Strachan "could not be trusted an inch - I would not want to expose my back to him in a hurry." All other players listed played under Fergie at Aberdeen. Leighton would go on to join Manchester United in 1988.
Your options: [ Gordon Strachan ] [ Jim Leighton ] [ Alex McLeish ] [ Mark McGee ]
  From Quiz: Manchester United - The Fergie Years
33 What club did Manchester United buy Antonio Valencia from?
Answer: Wigan Athletic

After Ronaldo departed for Real Madrid, Manchester United bought Antonio Valencia from Wigan in 2009. He was given the number 25 jersey.
  From Quiz: Manchester United
34 This former Manchester United player had a very successful stay at Manchester United wearing the famous number 7 but scored only one hat-trick, which was against Newcastle United.
Answer: Cristiano Ronaldo

Ronaldo signed for Manchester United in 2003. He requested jersey number 28 but Sir Alex Ferguson refused and suggested he take number 7. The number came with certain expectations as it was previously worn by legends such as George Best, David Beckham, Bryan Robson and Eric Cantona. Ronaldo was 18 at the time.
Your options: [ David Beckham ] [ Eric Cantona ] [ Bryan Robson ] [ Cristiano Ronaldo ]
  From Quiz: Manchester United Hat-tricks
35 10th February 2008- when Manchester United honoured the lives lost in the Munich Air Disaster, the team's match shirts were designed like those back when the Munich Air Disaster happened on 6th February 1958. Who was Manchester United playing?
Answer: Manchester City

Manchester City also honoured the occasion by wearing shirts almost like the ones that the club used to wear. The match was played at Old Trafford, and Manchester City won 2-1. There was a minute's silence before the game to mark the 50th anniversary.
  From Quiz: Manchester United
36 Who took Utd to the top of the pop charts in 1994 with, "Come on You Reds"?
Answer: Status Quo

The quo replaced Stiltskin at the top. Unfortunately, they were knocked off by, "Love is All Around", by Wet Wet Wet.
  From Quiz: Ultimate Man United Miscellany
37 Which player kung fu kicked a Crystal Palace fan in January 1995?
Answer: Eric Cantona

Famous quote by Eric Cantona: "When the seagulls follow the trawler, it's because they think sardines will be thrown in to the sea." This quote was during a press conference called after the kung fu kicking incident as the press clamoured around him.
Your options: [ Ryan Giggs ] [ Roy Keane ] [ Eric Cantona ] [ Paul Scholes ]
  From Quiz: Manchester United Players
38 Who did Sir Alex sign from Celtic in 1987?
Answer: Brian McClair

Brian McClair scored 24 league goals in his first season, the first player to do so since George Best.
  From Quiz: Players Signed by Manchester United
39 When was the Manchester United Ladies FC founded?
Answer: 1977

The Manchester United Ladies FC was founded in 1977. But it was not officially part of Manchester United FC until the 2001-02 season. The team was disbanded before the 2004-05 season started due to a lack of funds.
  From Quiz: Manchester United F.C.
40 Having controversially lost to Aston Villa in the 1957 FA Cup Final, League Champions Manchester United met the Cup Winners a few months later to play for the FA Charity Shield. What was the result?
Answer: Manchester United 4 Aston Villa 0

The team for the Charity Shield was more or less the same as that which had played in the Cup Final, except that on this occasion United would play with a regular goalkeeper ... and all eleven players!
With Freddie Goodwin coming in for the injured Eddie Colman, and Dennis Viollet, who had missed the final through injury, returning in place of Bobby Charlton, United ran out easy winners to take the consolation prize by four goals to nil, with three from Tommy Taylor and one from Johnny Berry.
  From Quiz: Manchester United - 'The Busby Babes' #2

  True or false football quiz questions
It took Cristiano Ronaldo 27 games to score his first Champions League goal.
The phrase 'park the bus' arose when Jose Mourinho was forced to park the Chelsea team bus after the bus driver fell ill.
Singer in Irish boyband Westlife Nicky Byrne played for Leeds United before moving into music.
Sir Alex Ferguson managed the Scotland national team.
Liverpool legend Kenny Dalglish is known as 'King Kenny' because he is related to the British Royal Family.
Frank Lampard has scored more Premier League goals than Thierry Henry, Robbie Fowler and Michael Owen.
Bayern Munich star Thomas Muller is a keen chess player and once won a Bavarian chess tournament.
Former Brazil and Barcelona star Ronaldinho spent time in prison after being found to have used a fake passport.
David Beckham took ballet lessons during his time at Manchester United in order to improve his agility.
Brazil icon Pele once starred in a Hollywood movie alongside Michael Caine and Sylvester Stallone.
Answers:
True
False
True
True
False
True
False
True
False
True